 Allison Taylor Springfield Elementary Regardless, Lisa tries to be her friend, though she battles her envy and jealousy. It comes to a climax during Springfield Elementary's annual "Diorama-rama", a competition in which the students build dioramas. Allison chose and constructed her project early: a scene from The Tell-Tale Heart, by Edgar Allan Poe. Lisa goes to great efforts to produce a better diorama, a scene from Oliver Twist, but it is immediately destroyed by an electric fan that Lisa utilizes, along with fake snow, to simulate a "bitter snowstorm". She is distraught thinking she may not beat Allison after this. Bart plans to intervene and help Lisa sabotage Allison's entry so she can win. On the day of the diorama contest, he distracts the other students with his own demonstrations to give Lisa time to switch Allison's entry with one containing a cow's heart. After Principal Skinner chases Bart away, he discovers the cow's heart in the diorama and proceeds to humiliate Allison in front of the entire school. Soon Lisa's conscience intervenes and she produces the real diorama. Both Lisa and Allison lose to Ralph Wiggum, whose diorama consisted of a box of Star Wars action figures in their original packaging, objects of sentimental value to Principal Skinner. In the end, Lisa and Allison put aside their differences and become friends as they stroll down the street, picking up Ralph along the way to hang out with them after he accidentally trips and breaks his action figures (saying two of his more well known lines, "I bent my Wookiee," and "My cat's breath smells like cat food."). A secondary story arc follows Homer after he steals hundreds of pounds of sugar he finds at the scene of a truck accident. Homer attempts numerous hare-brained schemes to make money from the sugar. Eventually, the sugar attracts bees from the local apiary and the owners offer Homer money to buy the bees back, but at the last moment it starts raining, the sugar melts, and the bees take off on their own. A third story arc involves Bart pranking Milhouse by putting his picture on America's Most Wanted and then repeatedly updating the authorities as to his whereabouts.