 Sideshow Bob calls up Birch Barlow, a local right-wing talk show host, stating that he is being treated unfairly in prison. Thanks to Barlow, all of Springfield sympathizes with Bob, except for Bart, Lisa and Marge. Pressured by protests, Mayor Quimby releases Bob. At a Springfield Republican meeting, Bob announces his candidacy for mayor of Springfield. Determined to prevent the psychopath from becoming mayor, Bart and Lisa help campaign for Quimby. Quimby helps obtain the old folks' votes by naming a new expressway the "Matlock Expressway". Bob then steals the support of the old folks by promising to build the Matlock Expressway and spending the rest of the afternoon listening to all of their problems. Unfortunately, at a televised debate hosted by Larry King, and broadcast on FOX, Quimby has the flu, and tries to counteract it with extra-drowsy flu medication. Springfield, infamously including Homer Simpson (who disapproves of Bob's 'Bart-killing policy' but approves of his 'Selma-killing policy') and Krusty the Clown (who is aching for an upper class tax cut despite the fact that Bob framed him for armed robbery), casts its votes for mayor and the results are 100% for Bob and 1% for Quimby (and there is a one percent margin of error). Marge parking garage Waylon Smithers wanted to help the kids in secret Snowball At the trial, Bart and Lisa appeal to Bob's ego to get him to confess his crime by saying he isn't intelligent enough to have pulled it off and that he was just Barlow's lackey. However, Bob is smart enough to understand reverse psychology and confesses his crimes along with the fact Barlow was working for him. He even produces the evidence in why he did rig the election after uncovering Quimby's own corruption and lack of leadership: Bob wanted to save the Springfield residents from themselves, saying that while they may vote Democratic, they actually need and desire "a cold-hearted Republican to cut taxes, brutalize criminals and rule [them] like a king". He realizes his mistake too late, when Judge Snyder calls for him to be arrested. Bob is thrown into a minimum security prison, thus managing to let the Simpsons have their house back, letting Quimby regain his term as mayor, and putting Bart back into the fourth grade (much to his dismay, as he was enjoying being back in kindergarten). Back in prison, Bob swears revenge on Bart once more, but his anger is stalled when an inmate from Yale asks him to row for them in order to beat Princeton. Finding a new goal, Bob rows to help the inmates beat the Princeton alumni.