 Homer and Marge attend a candy convention and hire Ashley Grant, a college student, to babysit Bart, Maggie, and Lisa. At the convention, Homer outfits Marge with an over-size trench-coat and is vigilant in smuggling out as much candy as possible in her pockets, to the point she has difficulty even moving until a Gummi Venus de Milo catches his eye. With the use of Marge as a distraction, Homer is able to steal the show's most valuable and rarest candy, the Gummi Venus, using a Buzz Cola and Poprox grenade to escape, possibly injuring many people. That night, Homer searches for the Gummi Venus but is unable to find it. Marge reminds him to take Ashley home and Homer grudgingly agrees. While driving back to the college, Ashley misinterprets Homer's frustration of losing the Gummi Venus as sexual anger and tells him to pull over and let her out. When Ashley is getting out Homer's car, he sees the Gummi Venus stuck on the back of her pants and innocently grabs it, and Ashley turns around to see Homer drooling lustily, anticipating finally getting to eat the Gummi Venus. Misinterpreting this poor act for a deliberate sexual advance, Ashley runs off screaming in terror while Homer gleefully eats the candy. Rock Bottom FOX Homer S.: Portrait of an Ass-Grabber Dennis Franz After seemingly doing everything in his power to set the record straight, Homer finally gives up and accepts that he will probably have to stay indoors for the rest of his life. However, Groundskeeper Willie arrives at the Simpson home, revealing that he also saw Homer's speech and that he has committed real acts of perversion by videotaping couples having sex in cars (with his defense being that while the practice is frowned upon in America, "everyone" in Scotland does it). During one such escapade, he captured on videotape what happened the night Homer took Ashley home, the footage clearly showing that Homer grabbed the Gummi Venus from Ashley's pants and never touched her. Lisa is ecstatic, declaring that the video completely clears Homer's name. They take the video to Ashley's college and show it to her and her colleagues, and she and the media subsequently apologize to Homer for labeling him a monster. Later, the Simpsons watch Rock Bottom on TV, where the show retracts its accusations of Homer (alongside many other claims it has made in the past). The very same episode, however, runs a segment that labels Willie as a disgusting voyeur ("Rowdy Roddy Peeper") and Homer immediately declares that Willie is evil. Marge reminds him that Willie was the one who saved his reputation and asks Homer if he learned anything from his experiences, to which Homer cheerfully replies that he hasn't learned a thing. After Marge and the kids leave the room with disgusted looks, Homer hugs the TV and says, "Let's never fight again".