  While looking through the family photo albums, Bart and Lisa comment on the lack of baby pictures of Maggie. While Marge insists on having the weekly family hour without watching TV, Homer recalls Maggie's conception and birth. He initially tries to embellish the circumstances, by claiming he single handedly taking out an all-star team of freelance terrorists that forcibly took over the power plant, although Marge pressured him into giving the actual facts on what happened: Homer hated working at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, and his dream job was to work at a bowling alley. Homer had been putting a lot of money toward paying down his debts, and finally got a paycheck that allowed him to finally clear the last of his debts. Through careful budgeting, he managed to make his dream of working in the bowling alley come true. It meant less pay, but also less stress, a friendly atmosphere, a job he truly loved, and enabled the family to have just the right amount of money to get by with the four of them. Homer's theory that everything would be fine so long as nothing changed was correct—so far.
 Moments after Homer made that assessment, he celebrated with Marge, concluding the evening with a session of 'lovemaking', which resulted in Marge becoming pregnant. Knowing that another baby would mean that Homer would have to get a better-paying job, Marge tried to keep it a secret from Homer as long as she could, but Patty and Selma managed to find out. Even though they craftily promised not to tell Homer, they phoned up the two biggest gossips in town, who quickly spread the word that Marge was pregnant. Then they threw Marge a "surprise" baby shower after "forgetting" that Homer was due back from work soon. Homer realized that Marge was pregnant when he came home and saw the baby shower.
 Mr. Burns Back in the present, Bart again asks why Maggie's baby pictures aren't in the photo albums. Homer replies that he keeps them where he needs the most cheering up, and the scene changes to show Homer's sector at the nuclear plant, complete with the plaque from Burns. Homer has taken all of Maggie's baby pictures to work, positioning them around the plaque so that it now says, "Do it for her."
