 The episode begins with a bathroom products race between Bart and Lisa at the bathroom sink. Lisa wins and Bart suggests she won because her shampoo was in the "inner lane" to his toothpaste. Lisa explains the Coriolis Effect to Bart not entirely correctly, but he doesn't believe her. He makes several international calls but fails to get an answer but soon makes a collect call to an Australian boy (after calling many other Southern Hemisphere countries, like Argentina, Chile and a fictional African dictatorship, without getting an answer), and asks him about which way the water drains. The line is kept open for several hours. When Bart doesn't hang up, the Australian boy's father is billed $900.00, even the Simpsons family gets a big phone bill. The man wants Bart to pay, but gets mocked by him. Unfortunately for Bart, the man's neighbor is a Member of Parliament, who reports Bart's offence to the Prime Minister. Bart receives dozens of collection letters in the mail, but turns against them and simply places the letters in his wastebasket, along with Lisa's Sax. Australia Snake Bart goes to the courts and makes his apology, but they want to give the additional punishment of a boot to his bum (a parody of the Michael P. Fay caning incident in Singapore). Homer and Bart escape the booting and gets chased back to the embassy. The American Embassy tries to keep out the Simpsons, but fails due to a malfunction from the gate and after the Simpsons come in, the soldiers close the gate manually keeping out the enraged Australians. Bart agrees to a booting from the Australian Prime Minister, but with a normal shoe and only once; however, as he is about to receive his punishment, he dodges the kick from the Prime Minister. Then Bart moons the Australians with "Don't tread on me" written on his bum and hums "The Star Spangled Banner." The citizens break down the gate and pursue the Simpsons, causing the family to leave the country in a helicopter in a scene similar to the Fall of Saigon with the Australians throwing Fosters at the Simpsons. A subplot through the episode where Bart brought his pet bullfrog into the country past customs, where it reproduces and spreads rapidly throughout the country and ruins Australia's ecology (a reference to the actual introduction of non-native Cane Toads into Australia). As the family is being flown home, they happily remark upon the destruction that can be caused by introducing a foreign species into a new environment - as the camera pans out to reveal a koala hanging from one of the helicopter's struts. The camera zooms in on the koala, finishing with a closeup of one of its eyes, implying that the U.S.A. will face a similar threat from Australia.