  The episode begins with the Simpson family visiting a renaissance fair. Homer eats eight different kinds of meat and an ashamed Lisa wanders off to discover "Friar Wiggum's Fantastical Beastarium." One of his underwhelming creatures, an "Esquilax" (a horse with the head of a rabbit and the body of... a rabbit) runs off into the forest; Lisa follows it and finds a fortune telling booth. Although Lisa is at first skeptical, the fortune teller manages to name Lisa's entire family and their activities that they are doing, then begins to tell Lisa of her first true love.
 The story then shifts into a flash-forward, to an eastern University in the year 2010 (at the time, 15 years in the future) where a now 23-year-old Lisa gets annoyed by a British student named Hugh Parkfield. At first, the two quarrel over a book in the library, but the pair eventually fall madly in love. The two realize they have a lot in common and Hugh invites Lisa to come back to his home in England so she can meet his parents, and is impressed with the Parkfield manor as well as their impeccable manners. Hugh proposes to Lisa and she immediately accepts.
 The next day, Lisa calls home to tell Marge of the news and Marge promises that she will prevent Homer from ruining the wedding. Marge is still a housewife, Bart is a 25-year-old who works as a twice divorced building demolition expert (and plans on going to law school), Maggie is a 16-year-old teenage girl who apparently never shuts up (although she never talks in the episode, and whenever she tries to she is interrupted), and Homer still works at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant (in Sector 7G, with Milhouse as his supervisor). When Homer mentions that Lisa is getting married, Milhouse states that Lisa was his 'one true love', a flashback is then shown of Lisa and Milhouse's date where she tells Milhouse that she plans to never get married and starts to tear up. Lisa and Hugh travel to Springfield, where Lisa is worried that her family will embarrass her, and things get off to a bad start when Bart and Homer accidentally set a British flag on fire - but by accident, not to offend - only to put out the fire by stomping onto the flag and throwing compost onto it by Marge's suggestion.
 At dinner, Lisa plans on going for a wedding dress fitting, and Homer decides to take Hugh out on the town to Moe's Tavern. Homer presents Hugh with a pair of tacky pig-themed cuff-links that Abraham Simpson wore on his wedding day, who then gave them to Homer to wear at his wedding to Marge, and Hugh grudgingly agrees to wear them during his wedding. Later that night, Lisa apologizes profusely for the behavior of her family and although Hugh says it was nothing, he loses sleep over it. Lisa manages to find her something old, which is her signature white pearl necklace she wore when she was little, her something new, which is her wedding dress, her something borrowed, which is Hugh’s mother’s antique brooch and her something blue which is a lock of Marge’s blue hair.
 On the day of the wedding, Homer meets Hugh's parents and, to Hugh's relief, doesn't act too harshly. Meanwhile, Homer talks with Lisa and she discovers that Hugh didn't wear Homer's cuff links. She finds Hugh and asks him to wear them. He agrees, but says that after the wedding they will return to England and never see her family again (with the possible exception of Marge when their children are born). Lisa says that although she complains about her family, she still loves them and can't marry someone who doesn't understand that, calling the wedding off.
 Back in the present once more, the fortune teller says that Hugh returned to England and never saw Lisa again and that there is nothing Lisa could do to prevent it - although she should "try to look surprised". Lisa questions the fortune teller about her "true love" and the fortune teller reveals that although Lisa will have a true love, she "specializes in foretelling relationships where you get jerked around." Lisa leaves the booth and finds Homer, who brags about his day at the fair and Lisa listens raptly as the pair walk home together.
