  At the beginning of the normal ordinary school week, Principal Skinner opens up the school to find that Superdude, the fourth grade gerbil, has died, being crushed by his own water-bottle. He gives Groundskeeper Willie the task of burying the gerbil, and in the process Willie strikes oil, causing the school to explode.
 Up on the roof, Principal Skinner and Superintendent Chalmers are inspecting what caused the explosion when a worker comes up and tells them they struck oil. He also holds up the corpse of Superdude. After thanking Superdude, Skinner tosses the gerbil off the roof. Everyone in the school rejoices, as now they have all the money they could ever want. While several teachers want new equipment, other requests are more exorbitant - and are just as quickly approved.
 Lunchlady Doris wants more staff and a better kitchen. Willie wants a crystal slop bucket, and a brand new filthy blanket. Otto Mann wants a double guitar. Lisa wants to hire Tito Puente to teach jazz at the school.
 However, Charles Montgomery Burns has his eyes on the well, and wants to steal the oil. First he tries to fool Skinner into selling the drilling rights to him by poorly disguising himself as Jimbo Jones, but to no avail. After that fails, he organises a "slant drilling" operation to tap the well before the school can, thereby stealing the oil. After launching the oil, it causes mayhem in the town.
 The initial jet of oil smashes into Bart's treehouse, leaving it in a wreck, injuring him and breaking Santa's Little Helper's hind legs. The drill also causes a huge sink-hole in the ground under Grampa's retirement home, causing it to collapse and forcing all the occupants to vacate the building until further notice, meaning Abe has to move in with his family along with his few remaining possessions, including a loaded Smith & Wesson. Along with the physical destruction, the fumes from the drilling force Moe's Tavern to close until the oil drilling stops, and Moe grabs a shotgun from under the bar. The alcoholic Barney Gumble has now lost his best beer supply, and after having to leave, he pulls out a derringer. Similarly the barflies Larry and Sam also have nowhere to go. And of course, all the faculty and Lisa don't get their special equipment (or Tito Puente) because the school is now bankrupt from building the oil well. Groundskeeper Willie, Tito, and Dewey Largo the music teacher, are all laid off as a result. Willie vows revenge on Burns right there, before running out of the office.
 The only person whose hatred towards Burns is not directly caused by the oil well is Homer. Instead, the cause of his anger is that despite working for Burns for the last 10 years, meeting with him many times and even introducing him to his family, Burns still doesn't remember Homer's name. Adding insult to injury, he refers to Homer using various dehumanizing epithets, even when Homer is present, in place of his actual identity. Homer's attempts to get Burns to remember his name are fruitless; after following Marge's suggestion and sending him a box of chocolates with a family photo inside, Burns remembers the rest of the Simpsons but neglects to eat the final chocolate covering Homer's face before disposing on the box. His subsequent thank you letter only mentions Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, enraging Homer to the point that he yells out profanity. Homer later breaks into Burn's office and spray paints "I AM HOMER SIMPSON" on the wall; when Burns catches him in the act and demands "Who the devil are you?", Homer snaps and attacks his boss, only to be carried away by security.
 Not even Smithers can stand the acts his beloved employer has undertaken. He dryly points out that Mr Burns has crushed all his enemies - even though none of those people posed a threat to him. Burns just tells him that he hasn't taken out his biggest enemy: the sun. He plans to block out the sun, thereby forcing the town to use his electricity forever. Smithers is shocked and points out that all plant life would die, owls would hoot constantly and the sundial (foreshadowing) would become useless. But, Mr. Burns refuses to listen to him. Smithers then says that he's stood by many of Burns' schemes but this one is too much and he will have no part of it. For questioning his methods and his refusal to take part, Burns fires Smithers.
 Mayor Quimby calls an emergency town meeting, after noticing that many in the audience are stroking guns, he opens the floor, and a number of people complain.
 Mr. Burns then shows up, and Bart charges at him in rage. Mr. Burns brandishes a gun hidden in his blazer, stating that he has decided to protect himself ever since he was attacked in his office by an unidentified assailant (Homer, of course). He taunts the townspeople for trying to intimidate him but not having the guts to follow through with their threats.
 Finally, Burns moves the sun-blocker into place, leaving the town aghast, and walks away, laughing. Even as he leaves, Krusty returns from Reno, although he quickly leaves when he sees the townspeople glaring angrily (having missed out on Mr. Burns' vile behaviour).
 As Burns relishes in everyone's misery, the residents leave the town hall. Amid an eerie silence, Burns walks down the street whistling and humming merrily, as several residents notice a number of strange phenomena:
