  Marge invites Patty and Selma to stay in the Simpson home, promising that they do not smoke. Homer installs smoke alarms all over the house to ensure this. After an attempt at electronic cigarettes fails, the twins go into the downstairs bathroom to smoke, seeing as Homer forgot to put a smoke alarm there, but they catch fire from the tap water. Lisa informs Marge that this is possibly a result of fracking, which she discovers that Burns is operating. She successfully calls on Democratic Assemblywoman Maxine Lombard to prevent the fracking. Burns is furious at Maxine Lombard and storms into her office, but the pair have a sexual intercourse and vow to continue their romance despite their political differences. Upon learning that he must obtain the mineral rights to all the citizens in Springfield in order to resume his fracking operation, Burns gives Homer the job of marketing it to the citizens of Springfield. At a Town Hall meeting, Professor Frink warns about water contamination, but Homer promises $5,000 to every person who gives their mineral rights to Burns. At the Fracking plant, when Mayor Quimby is about to pull the switch to resume the operation, Burns discovers that Marge didn't sign the Gas Rights Transfer Form. According to the law, unless every citizen of Springfield signs their forms, the fracking project cannot continue, which infuriates many of the residents who were looking forward to the money. Realizing that he will lose his new job, Homer is offended at Marge, and Burns breaks up with Maxine Lombard.
 Maxine Lombard takes revenge on Burns, demolishing his mansion to use the land for various liberal causes, including Robert Siegel's National Public Radio. Burns plans an even bigger vengeance, and resumes his fracking project at maximum power, causing earthquakes in the city. Marge pleads to Homer to shut it down, and he lights the inflammable water to burn the fracking plant down. On seeing that Homer and Marge can reconcile despite their differences due to their passion, Burns and Lombard get back together, but over the credits, they are seen having a boring conversation while lying in bed using tablet computers.
