 When Springfield Elementary takes a field trip to the local post office, they are offered some undelivered mail as favors (and as a bribe to keep silent about seeing mailmen open magic letters and take money inside). Bart ends up finding a savings book (addressed to Frank Grimes ) and gives it to Homer for his birthday. Homer is amazed at what the book has in store and "paints the town red" with the savings. He goes to get his tires balanced when he is conned by the mechanic that he can't leave without buying new tires. In the waiting room, he meets a travel agent, Wally Kogen, who was also suckered into getting new tires. They go to Moe's where they see a promo for the Super Bowl on TV and yearn for it. Wally reveals he is got a charter bus headed there and if Homer can fill it up, he will get to go to the big game. Homer fills up his list and himself, Wally, Bart and a group of Springfield men - Lenny , Carl , Barney , Rev. Lovejoy , Ned Flanders , Dr. Hibbert , Dr. Nick Riviera , Charles , Apu , Bumblebee Man , Comic Book Guy , Moe , Hans Moleman , Squeaky-Voiced Teen , Blue-Haired Lawyer , Krusty the Clown , Sideshow Mel , Chief Wiggum , The Sea Captain and Kirk Van Houten - are off to the game. Meanwhile, Marge and Lisa fight their boredom by playing with the " Vincent Price's Egg Magic ". They soon discover that the box is "feet-less" and call up the company for replacements. Once at the game, and after enjoying the pre-game fun, the gang goes to the entrance of the stadium only to find that their tickets are phoney (and are printed on some type of cracker). Bart then spots the Super Bowl Halftime costumes and they seize the opportunity...to use them to knock the guards down and run inside. They are soon caught and put in the stadium jail. The crew starts kicking Homer in the rear end, to vent frustration at their being unable to watch the game and Homer getting them locked up. Chief Wiggum, citing that one of the bars for the jail cell may have a trick bar to ensure escape in the event of "emergencies," proceeded to crack his skull under what he believed to be the fake bar. At that moment, Dolly Parton wanders by. Having being a friend of Wally's (since he books a lot of trips to Dollywood and Euro Dollywood) she offers to help them out by combusting the lock with her own brand of makeup remover. Now free, the boys set out to find seats. After running around for an hour, they wander upon a skybox and decide to eat the food rather than watch the game. Soon after, Rupert Murdoch flies in via helicopter and forces them out his skybox. They see an entrance to the field and head for it, but are pushed backwards by the winning team into their locker room and get to celebrate with them. After a day of excitement, the boys get on their bus and head for home, with Homer stealing the Super Bowl trophy. As soon as their bus leaves, John Madden and Pat Summerall comment on the episode, praising the character of Wally and the "B-story" and John showing extreme dislike of the fact that, despite being a Super Bowl episode with Dolly Parton, little or no football or singing was shown. Just then, a bus arrives...with Vincent Price as the driver. 