  When Moe's "evening rush" comes into the bar one night, he tells his customers that they are responsible for 91% of all traffic accidents in Springfield so they will now have to choose designated drivers to prevent any more accidents. This prompts Moe to hold a pickled egg drawing to see who will stay sober and be the designated driver. Barney, the most unlikely one, draws the black egg and therefore becomes the designated driver for the night. While his friends enjoy their drunken antics, Barney is twitching uncontrollably and is not even sure if he can tolerate having to be sober period much less around everyone else getting drunk. What toleration there was (if any), quickly got destroyed when the Duff van arrives at Moe's (playing the Yello song 'Oh Yeah' so loud it makes Barney's bowl of nuts shake) and Duffman emerges with a bottomless mug of icy cold beer for Barney and the crowd shouts at him to chug. Barney has an outburst, saying that he can't because he is the designated driver. After quickly stating that Duff supports the designated driver program, Duffman remains at the bar to party with the drunks. Then Barney drops off Lenny, Carl and Homer at their homes, each of them suggesting a nonsensical destination (Lenny suggesting the "girls college", Carl the "Playboy mansion" and Homer the "Lost City of Gold" all of which Barney refers to as "sweet, beautiful drunk talk"). Barney promises an inebriated Homer that he will return his car the following day, but this proves to be untrue as he undergoes a severe mental breakdown and disappears.
 Bart Lisa Marge Woody Allen When the family arrive in New York (after Bart mistakes a group of Hasidic Jews for the band, ZZ Top), Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie go off to explore the city while Homer goes to the World Trade Center to retrieve his car. He arrives finding his car parked in the middle of the plaza, full of tickets and a boot on the wheel. Homer tries to pry the boot off with his hands, but a loud bystander tells him he needs to call the phone number on the boot. After the phone call, Homer learns that he needs to wait by his car for a parking officer between the hours of 9 A.M. and 5 P.M. He hungrily devours Khlav Kalash out of a passing cart and drinks can after can of crab juice. However, he then has to go the restroom, and the man driving the cart tells him that the only restrooms are at the observation decks of the towers. Seeing how this means he would have to leave his car, Homer tries to resist, but it soon becomes too much to bare. After an attempt at using a letterbox as a makeshift urinal and having a postman admonish him, Homer, left with no other options, rudely and desperately cuts in front of everybody in the line to enter the building and rushes through the security checkpoint, desperate to relieve himself and make it back to his car in time. Unfortunately, upon reaching th the bathroom is locked and out of order. Homer then races out of the South Tower and goes to the top of the North Tower, where he relieves himself. However, once he finishes, he looks out the window and sees the parking officer, who hadn't shown up for the whole day, giving him a ticket. Homer's subsequent "D'oh!" echoes across the entire city, reaching his family on the observation deck of the Empire State Building. Homer rushes out of the tower and reads the ticket stating that for his "failure to wait by vehicle." he will be charged an additional $250. Infuriated and desperate to rescue his car from the East River before the sun goes down, Homer drives out of the World Trade Center with the boot still on his tire. When he realizes that he won't be able to get very far, he distracts a construction worker and uses his jackhammer to pry the boot off his tire, punching holes in the bodywork, shattering the windows and detonating the airbag in the process. However, it then gets stuck on his foot, so he kicks the front of his car until it comes off. At this point, Homer has completely wrecked his car, but none the less got the boot off the front of the car (after which he angrily and psychotically hammers into the ground) leaving him relatively satisfied. His satisfaction soon disappears when he is forced to speed off to get his family after an enraged driver takes a potshot at him for holding up traffic.
 Meanwhile, the rest of the family have had a wonderful time. They watch a Broadway musical and visit several ethnic neighborhoods (with Bart naturally causing havoc with his shenanigans including causing a fireworks stand in China Town to explode and redirecting a ship of immigrants to Canada by shouting that the country was full from the Statue of Liberty), concluding with a carriage ride in Central Park. Homer speeds through bridges and ponds to get to his family, who jump into his car and leave as fast as possible. While crossing the George Washington Bridge on the ride home, the rest of the family look out the back window at the cities skyline and reflect on their wonderful time in the city while Homer's antipathy towards New York is even worse. When Lisa asks if they can come back to New York, Homer's eye is twitching and he simply says "We'll see, honey. We'll see." as garbage (including biohazardous materials) flies from a truck and on to Homer's face. The credits use the Frank Sinatra song "New York, New York".
