  A Fox censor, simply named Fox Censor, sits at his desk reading through the script and deleting scenes. He proudly announces that thanks to his editing tonight's Simpsons episode is rated TV-G, but as he says this, a hand with a sword appears out of the on-screen rating icon and stabs him in the back repeatedly. Every time he gets stabbed, the rating gets higher. In the end, the rating is "TV-666" and Censor collapses dead onto the desk. Blood pours down the front to reveal the title, "The Simpsons Halloween Special VIII." Meanwhile, The Simpsons sit on the couch. Metal shackles restrain their wrists and ankles and a metal cap comes down on all of their heads. The family writhes in pain as they get electrocuted.
 The Ωmega Man, Mayor Quimby France Homer the person in front of him mutants Moe Szyslak Ned Flanders Mr. Burns Dr. Hibbert Sideshow Mel Clancy Wiggum Lenny Leonard Carl Carlson Otto Mann Skinner Groundskeeper Willie Apu Nahasapeemapetilon Waylon Smithers, Jr. Lionel Hutz Cletus Spuckler Horatio McCallister Utopian society Marge nuclear holocaust Ferraris The Fly Matter Transporter Professor Frink Snowball II Santa's Little Helper Meanwhile, Bart reeks havoc on the insect world with his usual juvenile antics, and returns home after he feels a safe amount of time has passed. Upon returning home, he's horrified to find that the fly has stolen his life and tries to tell his family what happened. However, he is too tiny for them to hear him. Bart tries to reason with the fly-boy to go back through the transport and swap back to normal but it turns out that the fly boy likes its new life and chases Bart from the house. That night, Bart flies into Lisa's room and lands on top of her table lamp which allows her to see the shadow of his head cast upon the wall letting her know that it is really him. However, she still can't hear him so he flies into her saxophone amplifying his voice enough to tell her what happened. Suddenly, the fly-boy attacks Lisa and starts strangling her. Bart tries to help, only to be caught and eaten by the fly-boy. Lisa then hits the open button on the microwave which knocks into the fly-boys face causing him to stumble backwards into the teleporter and Bart emerges, now restored back to normal. Homer then grabs an axe, but instead of destroying the machine, he turns to Bart and begins chasing him around for using his teleporter.
 In a parody of the 1996 film The Crucible and Easy-Bake oven, which takes place in the year 1649, the town of Sprynge-Fielde is being witnessed because of many witch burnings. Where Chief Wiggum tells the boys to fire up the stake. Then when they are finished burning the stake Nelson Muntz laughs at the notion and Seymour's mother isn't very happy at him which he says goodbye to his mother. Later in the church, the townspeople try to figure out who to condemn next. People begin accusing others and very soon they erupt into chaos, until Marge intervenes. She tries to talk sense into the townspeople, that the witch hunt is turning into a circus but Moe accuses her of being a witch. Mayor Quimby assures her that she is entitled to due process which means she will be thrown off a cliff with a broomstick. If she is a witch she will be able to fly to safety, in which case the authorities expect her to report back for punishment. If she is not a witch, then she will fall to an honorable Christian fate.
 Lisa tries to speak on her mother's behalf, but to no avail and Marge gets shoved off the cliff by Wiggum's henchmen. But as Reverend Lovejoy speaks to the mob about having done the Lord's work, they hear a cackle and they all look up, stunned to see that a green-skinned black haired Marge is flying on the broomstick, as she reveals herself as a witch and naturally an evil one, who vows revenge on the entire town. At first, she turns Chief Wiggum into a gopher with a military hat on his head in revenge for pushing her off the cliff, she turns Lou into a snowman, and Eddie into a fairytale princess. And then eventually Marge tells the rest of them that she will return where her hair pulsates and bursts open sending a swarm of bats flying after the townspeople. Meanwhile, in a cave somewhere, Patty and Selma--who are also witches--are cooking over a black cauldron in their mountain lair close to the village. Then when Marge returns to them she is sad because the town has forced her to leave her family; however, Patty and Selma are glad because of the fact that Marge has "finally left her husband Homer". Later the three spies on Ned Flanders and Maude Flanders talking about how they are worried that the witches might come to normal folks houses and eat children, giving them the idea to do so in the first place. And so the three set off for Sprynge-Fielde, on their broomsticks, where they then knock on the Flanders's door and demand for their sons. They put the children in sacks and are about to leave, when Maude offers the witches gingerbread men instead. The witches like these better than the children and let Rod and Todd go. They go to each house, getting goodies in exchange for not eating the children. Where the witches compare their treats from a night's work, which they believe that scaring people into giving them treats is fun and that they should do it every year. Marge remarks that she wishes they hadn't eaten so many children before they got to the Flanders' house. But as they fly off the Sea Captain says that is how the tradition of Halloween and trick-or-treating began, with Maude Flanders' fast thinking and leading to Halloween which everyone realizes today.
 The next year in the same town, the city is celebrating Halloween where everyone is wandering around the streets dressed in costumes comparing treats, and trick-or-treating. Homer throws eggs to the door of a house from which no candy was received. Lisa points out that Homer is egging their own house making everyone laugh. However, when everyone begins laughing at him, Homer then accuses Lisa of being a witch, prompting the townspeople to proceed chasing her down the street into the moonlight.
