  The Simpsons attend a soccer match between Mexico and Portugal. When the game starts, the crowd begins to lose interest and it turns into a violent soccer riot. Groundskeeper Willie with his three fellow Scotsmen find the riot still too peaceful to their liking and decide to "take 'em to school", which makes the riot escalate. Eventually, it spreads all over Springfield, forcing mob rule to be installed. Homer does not want to pay $500 for a Home Security System and plans to buy a firearm. After the gruelling five day waiting period, Homer surprises Marge with his new revolver. She is horrified and appalled, demanding that he get rid of the gun. Homer persuades Marge to come with him to the local National Rifle Association ("Come in and shoot your mouth off.") meeting to try and get her to change her mind, but after the meeting, she remains unconvinced.
 Kwik-E-Mart Bart Milhouse William Tell After that she promptly leaves with some suitcases the children in tow and checks into "Sleep-Eazy Motel" on Selma's recommendation. That night, Homer hosts an NRA meeting at his house but his reckless gun usage by using it to open a can of beer and turning on the Television appals the other members (despite being fairly reckless with guns themselves) and he is kicked out of the association, and his own house until the meeting is over. Realizing what his gun has cost him, Homer goes to the Sleep-Eazy Motel where Marge and the kids are spending the night, meaning to reconcile.
 Homer and Marge make up, after Homer explains he has finally gotten rid of the gun. While leaving, Snake arrives to rob the desk clerk, demanding the cash register's contents while holding a knife to Mayor Quimby's throat. Homer pulls out his gun saying ("Freeze, bad guy!") and foils the robbery causing Quimby to run off. Marge is angry at Homer for lying to her again, but whilst he's apologizing to her, Snake snatches the gun. Homer, however, reveals that there are no bullets in the gun. Snake responds by pointing the empty gun at Homer and he surrenders the bullets. Some of the other NRA members arrive and stop Snake from shooting Homer, but he gets away with the money all the same. Homer apologizes to Marge and explains that the weapon makes him feel powerful and cool. He gives Marge the gun and begs her to get rid of it for him. When Marge is about to throw it away, she sees her reflection in the trashcan lid. She is convinced that a gun makes her look tough and chooses to keep it.
