 Following a health convention held in Springfield, the children of Springfield are deemed to be overweight. To help them stay in shape, the parents enroll their children into pee-wee football, including Bart. Ned Flanders becomes the coach and turns out to be great at it, allowing everyone to play, including girls. However, despite the team's undefeated streak under his coaching, he eventually and furiously quits after being fed up with Homer's constant heckling from the sidelines (especially after Homer threw an already opened beer can at Flanders' head, not only hurting his head, but also humiliating Ned when the suds from the beer fell on him), making Homer the new coach. Homer turns out to be a lousy coach, and far more stereotypical in it. He cuts more than half the team unnecessarily and acts tough toward Bart, but when Marge reminded of when he was a child and how his father was hard on him, he decides to be nicer to Bart. The next day, he plans to cut many more players off the team including all the girls, and changes the quarterback from Nelson to Bart, causing an uproar in the team because Nelson had been carrying the team on his own until Homer took over as coach. Bart is unable to play the position well, and causes the team to lose a few games. The team then falls out with Bart and take a dislike to him. Bart goes to Lisa for advice because he knows if he play as quarterback, the team will lose and everybody would beat him up, but if he doesn’t, he will let Homer down. That when Lisa suggest that he should lie to Homer which Bart has no problem doing (since he always lies to Homer). The next day, Bart chooses to pretend he is extremely injured so he can stop being the quarterback, but Homer claims that without Bart, the team must forfeit. Bart becomes offended, says he never wanted to be the quarterback anyway and tells him that he is terrible. The team agree with Bart and tells Homer that Bart is horrible as quarterback. However, Homer, still not getting it, believes Bart is their best player. This causes Bart to get even more offended at Homer and quits the team. Nelson ticks Homer off at Bart (Homer failed to realize that it was his own fault) and shouts at Bart and says he is cut from the team. He also cuts Milhouse, much to Milhouse's delight. Bart and Homer have a fallout. Nelson is made the quarterback again and the team wins, but Homer has nobody to celebrate with and becomes lonely. Afterwards, Homer finds Bart, where he apologizes to Bart for blindly encouraging him for something he is not good at, and reconciles with him to rejoin the team again. The next day, during the final championship game, the score becomes tied when Chief Wiggum comes to arrest Nelson on an outstanding warrant. To keep Nelson in the game, Bart plans to pretend he is Nelson as he is assuming it is only for a petty crime, despite it actually being for burglary and arson. Eventually, the team finally wins the championship, and the team tries to carry Homer, unsuccessfully, off the field. Joe Namath appears to give his final thoughts on the episode, finishing with Bart's fate being ambiguous as to how he will get out of trouble. During the ending credits, Homer "cuts" all of the cast and crew members (except for Namath), as well as the Gracie Films logo. 