  At a bachelor auction to raise money for the Springfield fire brigade, the available bachelors on display are deemed undesirable, and the auction makes no money at all. Marge then nominates Apu, who is deemed a success by the women at the auction and is sold for $926. He goes out on dates with Luann Van Houten, Miss Hoover, Selma Bouvier, Ruth Powers and Lois Pennycandy, and begins to enjoy his bachelor lifestyle. One day, he receives a letter from his mother in India, reminding him that  it is time for his arranged marriage to Manjula, the daughter of a family friend. Not wanting to get married, Apu asks Homer for advice. Homer suggests Apu tell his mother that he is already married. Days later, Apu thinks that he has escaped the marriage until he sees his mother walking towards the Kwik-E-Mart. To cover him, Homer tells Apu to pretend that Marge is his wife.
 At the Simpson residence, Marge disapproves of the plan, but plans to do it for Apu's sake. Apu's mother is displeased with his choice of bride, and shocked to learn that she has grandchildren. While the plan is under way, Homer chooses to stay in the Springfield Retirement Castle with his father, posing as resident Cornelius Talmidge. Unfortunately for Homer, the real Cornelius returns, at which point, he flees. He returns home and gets into bed with Marge. Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilon enters to say goodbye, but is shocked to see Marge in bed with another man, and Apu on the floor. Tired of the whole charade, Marge forces Apu to tell his mother the truth, who declares that the arranged marriage will proceed as planned.
 The wedding is held in the Simpsons's back garden, but Apu still has second thoughts about it. However, when he sees Manjula for the first time in years, he realizes how beautiful she really is and feels a little less reluctant. Apu asks about her favorite food, book and movie; the answer to all three questions is Fried Green Tomatoes. The pair agree that perhaps the marriage can work after all. Homer, poorly disguised as Ganesha, tries to stop the wedding, but is chased away by one of the guests, and Apu and Manjula marry.
