 The Springfield Elementary School Model United Nations club is going on a field trip. On the bus, Bart, Nelson, Ralph and Milhouse are playing a game by rolling fruit to the front. Milhouse rolls a grapefruit that gets stuck under the brakes. When Otto attempts to press down on the pedal, he squishes the fruit, and juice squirts into his face, causing his eyes to burn, loses control and drives the bus off a bridge into the water. Otto leaves the kids behind in an attempt to swim for help but gets washed away by the current. It's later revealed Otto is picked up by Chinese fishermen. Otto is excited, thinking they will help him rescue the kids, but they actually plan to use him for slave labor below deck. However, The students swim to a nearby tropical island. Soon an argument breaks out over whose fault it is that they are stranded on a deserted island. As all the kids are yelling at each other, Bart blows on a large conch shell and tries to tell the gang that being stranded on an island is just like TV where life is easy and cocktails are plentiful, comparing it to The Swiss Family Robinson, only with more cursing. Reality soon sets in when the island is found to be largely barren and the kids lack survival skills. Without any food found on the island and adult supervision, the group rely on snack food retrieved from the sunken bus by Bart. They awaken the next morning to find the snacks all gone. Suspecting Milhouse because of his pot-belly and nacho cheese breath, the students put him on trial and he blames the loss on a mysterious island "monster". During the trial held by the students, there is insufficient evidence to prove Milhouse ate all the food. Because of this, Bart, acting as judge, acquits Milhouse. The other students are not happy with this verdict and act like savages, attempting to kill Milhouse. Lisa tries to stop the violence, but gets pushed by Nelson. Bart, angered by this, tells everyone to leave Lisa alone. The other students end up chasing Bart, Lisa, and Milhouse into a cave, where it's revealed that Milhouse's "monster" is actually a wild boar. On one of the boar's tusks is an empty bag of chips, revealing that it was the actual culprit in eating all the snacks. Nelson apologized to Milhouse for the misunderstanding mistake they made, who reveals that he only took "two sandwiches and a bag of Doritos" and left the rest of the food to the others. They then kill the boar and eat it (except Lisa, who adheres to her vegetarianism and licks slime from a rock instead). The episode finishes with a comically obvious deus ex machina ending, narrated by James Earl Jones: 