  It is Homer and Marge's eleventh wedding anniversary and Grampa does not arrive at the Simpsons house to babysit the children (because he mixed up the Flanders house with the Simpson house and ended up babysitting Rod and Todd Flanders by mistake). As a result, they cannot go to the Gilded Truffle as planned. However, Bart objects and takes the family to a family restaurant shaped like an airplane, called the Up, Up and Buffet!, which spoils Homer and Marge's plans for a romantic evening together. Later that evening, Homer and Marge attempt to have sex, but lack enthusiasm. The following day, it is discovered Homer left the freezer door open after thinking that the couple on the remaining slice of their wedding cake had little parties at night, causing the refrigerator motor to burn out. Homer and Marge make their way to a hardware store to buy another motor, but the car gets stuck in the muddy driveway in the middle of farm country. Meanwhile, Bart and Lisa stay at the Springfield Retirement Castle with Grampa, and they discover a metal detector in his closet. With the use od the detector, they use they uncover a suppressed, happy ending to Casablanca, in which Ilsa Lund and Rick marry. The Old Jewish Man steps forward to reveal that in his younger days, he was a studio executive that had tacked that happy ending onto the picture. He then gives Bart and Lisa $20.00 to rebury it, along with another film reel labeled "It's a Wonderful Life: Killing Spree Ending."
 Homer and Marge rush into the nearest barn to avoid a sudden storm. The farmer discovers that the barn door is open and suspects trespassers. He enters the barn, nearly catching Homer and Marge, who are hiding in the hayloft, but leaves after failing to locate them. When the coast is clear, Homer and Marge have inspired sex in the hayloft. They think their marriage has been recharged and go for a romantic weekend at a Bed and Breakfast, but soon fall into their old patterns. However, a maid walks in on them and they conclude they are both aroused when they risk being caught during intimate moments.
