 A man named Vance Connor is inducted into the Springfield Wall of Fame and Homer recounts how he ran against Vance for class president in high school and lost. Later, at Moe's Tavern, Carl and Lenny confess to Homer that his old high school principal had ordered them to bury the ballot box containing the votes to the election. After Homer and Lenny dig up the ballot box, Lisa counts the votes, and Homer is surprised to see that the votes put him as the winner. Outraged, he meets his old principal in a retirement center, who explains why he had to hide the ballot box: Two student athletes had talked their classmates into voting for Homer so that, after he had lost, they could laugh at him all the way through high school and at every reunion. This worked out well for Dondelinger, Vance and his friends. Al Gore, as himself, appears in Moe's Tavern and told Homer how he had felt when he had the 2000 presidential election stolen from him, but admits some good still came out of it when he holds his Nobel prize up. The Simpsons have dinner at Luigi's, where Homer remains miserable. Luigi Risotto introduces him to his saucier, who he claims can tell what someone's life could have been like by stirring tomato sauce in a certain way. By using his magical tomato sauce, he helps Homer see what his life would have been like if he had won the election: Homer would have been rich, he would have had a better position at the nuclear plant, would have a sports car and lived in a mansion on the site where the Flanders now live and wouldn't be bald. His relationship with his father, Abe, would have been much closer that he had let him stay in his guest house (where the Simpsons currently live) rather than put him in a cheap retirement home. He still would have married Marge who would be even more attactive, and the kids would not have been born because Homer would have remembered to use protection before sex. During that time, Marge reveals that that was the one thing that was missing because their lives would've been more miserable without Bart, Lisa and Maggie. Homer proved to be more unconvinced and is depressed after seeing that his life would have been a lot better if he had won, even leaping into the pot to try to "live in the sauce" (which the saucier tells him that if people could live in the sauce, then he would have jumped in years earlier). Homer still depressed by the entire thing remains in the house all day and to the concern of his family. Marge convinces him to take a walk with her and the kids to the Springfield Wall of Fame. Eventually, he agrees and learns that his name has been put up. Marge revealed that she and the kids blackmailed Dondelinger along with their former classmates to do the right thing by threatening to expose their dirty deeds to every resident in Springfield, which would have lead to both their eventual downfall and arrest. A boy then has his picture taken with him. Before leaving, Homer asks a brief, but smart question about what happened to the previous inductee next to his and why his plaque is missing. Bart tries to convince Homer not to worry about because these phenomana occur all the time. This was intended to keep Homer from finding out Bart's latest prank on Principal Skinner in getting rid of his plaque and replacing it with a gag name. Homer, now much happier, plans to have a meal at a Korean restaurant that Bart says 'sells beef that spells the date of your death', to which Homer thinks is fun. 