  Homer attempts to spend more time with Maggie and ends up bringing her to Moe's Tavern. Moe is cleaning up the bar for a date, and finds out he actually has a window, which was previously obscured by layers of grime. Outside the window is a playground, which Homer sees as an opportunity for watching Maggie while spending time at Moe's. Homer sends Maggie to play with the other babies outside, but they torment her for unknown reasons.
 Marge notices Maggie is uncomfortable when she returns home one day, and becomes worried that Homer is neglecting her. After watching a commercial about a surveillance camera placed in the eye of a teddy bear, Marge purchases a spy camera which she attaches to Maggie's hair band and discovers that Maggie is being bullied by a group of gangster babies. At first, Marge is surprised and worried to see Maggie being tormented by the babies, but sees Homer rush to Maggie's rescue by pushing the other babies away only to be beaten up by infant Kearney's son. Maggie comes to Homer's rescue by punching the bully baby away and Homer mentions that he loves both her and Marge. Moved to tears, Marge tells Homer that he is a wonderful father.
 Meanwhile, Moe's date named Maya, whom he met over the internet, turns out to be three feet tall. Moe still loves her, but is worried about what his friends will think. Moe chooses to take Maya on a double date with Marge and Homer, neither of whom seem to care that she is small. Homer, seeing Maya's intelligence and sensitivity, suggests Moe marry her. Moe proposes but cannot resist making jokes about Maya's height. Insulted, she rejects him. Crushed by grief, Moe consults the advice of Lenny and Carl, who advise him to do something risky to win Maya back. Moe plans to have surgery to become shorter, and Dr. Nick Riviera agrees to conduct the surgery. Maya stops Moe just before the surgery, as she wants someone who sees her as "beautiful" not "short", and who doesn't need to cut himself down to her size in order to love her. Moe, intent on having the surgery, does not take heed of Maya, and she leaves him. Homer tells Moe to remember that if someone loved him once, someone can love him again. As the episode finishes, Moe thinks he was better having known Maya and having a good run, than not having become stunning to her at all.
