  Mrs. Krabappel Bart Springfield Elementary School Alice Cooper School's Out Suddenly, Homer wakes him up, and it turns out that it was just a dream - but it really is the last day of school!
 Bart and Lisa are excited about being able to spend the summer at Kamp Krusty ("The Krustiest Place On Earth"), a summer camp endorsed by Bart's hero Krusty the Clown, but Homer has said that Bart can only go if he gets at least a C average on his report card. At school, Bart finds that Mrs. Krabappel has given him a D- in each subject as a result of him slacking off. On the bus ride home, he uses a marker to change each grade to straight A's. Bart presents the card to his dad, but Homer sees through the trick and chides Bart for not faking plausible grades. Even so, he lets Bart go to Kamp Krusty anyway, partly because he doesn't see why Bart should pay for his mistaken belief that Bart could achieve such grades, and partly because Homer doesn't want Bart at home all summer.
 In fact almost all of the kids of Springfield are headed for Kamp Krusty, to the delight of their parents. Unfortunately when they arrive, the camp's director, Mr. Black (who licenses the Krusty brand for his camp) announces that Krusty won't be around for a few weeks, and instead the bullies of Springfield -- Jimbo, Dolph, and Kearney -- will be serving as counsellors and enforcing order. At Kamp Krusty, the cabins are decrepit and vermin-infested, the lake is too dangerous to swim in, and the kids are fed nothing but Krusty Brand Imitation Gruel ("Nine out of ten orphans can't tell the difference"). While they sing a song of praise about the camp, a montage of the terrible conditions plays. As for the nearby Fat Camp kids, they're under a completely inhumane, workout boot camp which is under lock and key. Lisa tells Bart that she feels as if she's going to die soon and unable to find a silver lining, Bart remarks that she's probably right and everyone else will share the same fate.
 Marge Wimbledon The scene cuts to the campers at the camp curfew who are all dirty, tired and worn from the terrible environment and care at the camp. Then Mr. Black walks on to the stage and announces to the campers that Krusty has finally arrived, and Bart is excited saying that he came to save them, but it's just local drunk Barney Gumble sloppily dressed as Krusty. Not fooled by the obvious impostor, Bart shouts out that it's not Krusty and everyone gasps. Mr. Black chuckles nervously and asks Bart if he thinks that he just put a clown suit on a drunk. Unfortunately for him, Barney, ruining what little illusion he had to be Krusty, talks trying to convince them that he's really Krusty (or rather, "Krunchy"), and then burps loudly. Finally fed up of being in complete Hell, Bart remarks that this isn't the first time Krusty had betrayed him, (he had been given a rapid heartbeat by Krusty brand vitamins, the Krusty brand calculator lacked keys and Krusty's autobiography was filled with lies)   and rallies everyone up. They all begin to furiously chant that they wanted Krusty and start throwing things. The chant gets so strong, that even Barney starts to take part in it. Mr. Black turns to the bullies and angrily reminds them that they told him they'd broken their spirits and slaps them when they insist they did. Bart shouts "Let's Get 'Em" and the campers drive Mr. Black and the bullies to their hydrofoil. The campers destroy the camp while Bart frees the obese kids and Lisa gives the kids the mail that was kept from them. Finally, Bart takes down the Kamp Krusty flag and puts one up that says "Camp Bart", to the mild dismay of his sister who says they all agreed to call it "Camp Freedom". The scene cuts to Homer and Marge doing yoga which is interrupted by the news of the revolt to which Marge gasps. Channel 6 newscaster Kent Brockman arrives at the camp to report on the revolt. When Homer watches the live broadcast on TV and learns that the rebel leader is Bart, he instantly loses his newly-grown hair and instantly gains back his weight. Brockman says, upon arriving at the scene, that he has been to Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq, and that "without hyperbole, this is a million times worse than all of them put together."
 Because of the camp crisis, Krusty is called back from Wimbledon in England and comes to the camp to apologize to the kids. At first, the children are doubtful that he's the genuine article, given the camp staff's attempt to dupe them earlier, but they realize he is who he claims after ripping off his shirt and looking at the marks on his bare chest. Bart asks Krusty how he could have ever allowed his name to be put on the camp. Krusty aptly falls to his knees and starts sobbing telling them that a "dump truck full of money" was brought to his house and he didn't have the guts to refuse the offer given to him. Bart then describes to him that the camp was a living nightmare and that they were fed nothing but gruel, forced to make wallets for export and one of the campers nearly got eaten by a bear. Krusty is horrified by this and tells Bart that everything is okay now and that he's going to make it all up to them by letting them spend the remaining two weeks of camp time with him at the happiest place on Earth: Tijuana. The kids and Krusty have fun together in Mexico, which is shown in a montage of pictures over the closing credits to Frank Sinatra's "South of The Border". 
