  A blizzard hits Springfield, so Marge calls Homer at Moe's Tavern and tells him to come home right away. Homer drives through the snowstorm and manages to wreck both family cars when he rear-ends Marge's car in the driveway. Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie are in the front door waiting for him was shocked at what happened. Homer then gives false information to an insurance claims adjuster about his whereabouts before the accident, by saying he was buying pornography, in order to cover the fact that he was coming home from a bar.
 The insurance company pays the claim, and Homer goes searching for a new car. After hitchhiking to a used car lot outside of town, Homer discovers that the only models they sell are Eastern European imports from the former U.S.S.R.. After his original failed attempt, Homer takes the kids to car show to get a new car. At the show, the family looks at various exhibits showing the history of car companies and putting famous cars on display (with Bart finding a large quantity of stolen cash in the glove department of Bonnie and Clyde's death car as well as Lisa noticing that one of the, "crash test dummies" in the demonstration video for a German car company wasn't a dummy). Among the various displays, Homer notices the original 1960s Batmobile with Adam West sitting next to the display signing autographs. When Homer tries to introduce the kids to Adam, they end up causing Adam to go on a rant about how the newer Batman franchise was inferior and he begins doing the, "Batusi". While an uncomfortable Homer and kids attempt to get away, Homer bumps into the display for a large snowplow. A salesman talks Homer into getting the snowplow because he can afford the higher payments by doing plowing jobs on the side. Homer buys the snowplow and starts his snow plow business as "Mr. Plow". With the help of a late-night TV ad, Homer's business is an instant success, winning the respect of the whole town. In recognition of the achievement, Mayor Quimby gives Homer a key to the city.
 Barney, who has been working at a succession of dead-end jobs, asks Homer how he can be a success, so Homer tells him to go out and be the best Barney he can be. The next day Barney has bought a bigger plow, and goes into business for himself as "The Plow King". With Linda Ronstadt's help, Barney creates his own ad (denouncing Mr. Plow as an alcoholic loser) and steals all of Homer's customers. Mayor Quimby then takes back the key to the city from Homer and gives it to Barney. Homer decides to make another ad that includes a rap, but it's so bad that Bart and Lisa tell him to never sing it again. To get revenge, Homer tricks Barney into going on a fake plow job at the top of a mountain called Widow's Peak. Barney accepts the job, much to Homer's delight.
 While Barney is gone up the mountain, Homer begins to plow driveways again. However, the news later reports there has been an avalanche on Widow's Peak. Homer, feeling guilty, sets out to rescue Barney, and in the end they agree to become partners. Their claim that not even God could stop them brings about a response from God—the melting of the snow. With no more business, and no way to make the payments, Homer's plow is repossessed at the end of the episode, but that doesn't prevent Marge from enjoying Homer wearing his Mr. Plow jacket to bed.
