 After playing soccer, Bart waits for Homer to pick him up. At the Simpson residence, Marge reminds Homer to do so on her way out the door but Homer is so focused on the game show that he doesn't hear what Marge said, and he forgets to pick up Bart. Bart is left alone as a storm approaches.At his house, Milhouse is seen writing a strange sentence "Trab Pu Kcip" on the wall. He recite the words before his father Kirk comes and see what Milhouse is doing. He angrily scolds Milhouse for writing on the walls, and grounds him by sending him to his room. When they both leave the room it is shown in a mirror reflection that "Trab Pu Kcip" is in fact "Pick Up Bart" spelt backwards. Meanwhile back home many occurrences at home remind Homer that he was meant to do something, but he cannot recall what. When Homer finally remembers after a dream about seeing Bart's skeleton on a soccer field, he rushes out to pick up Bart. Upon arriving, Homer finds Bart completely soaked from the storm that had past and his soccer ball had deflated over the time he had been waiting. Homer, knowing that Bart's anger is justified, carefully tries to put the issue behind them. But Bart is none the less furious at Homer for forgetting about him and refuses to even make eye contact with him. Bart then imagines Homer's face horrifically melting while Homer moans "Now how bout a hug?" in a scary voice. When they return home, Bart watches TV when a television commercial for a mentor program called Bigger Brothers comes up. This gives him an idea and he goes to the Bigger Brothers Agency disguising himself with an accent as a brave young boy whose father left him six years ago. Afterwards, Bart is assigned a big brother called Tom whom Bart first meets when he comes to school to pick Bart up by letting him ride on the back of his motorcycle. Later on, Bart and Tom meet up for Tomato Day at the Springfield Stadium (the purpose of the tomatoes is revealed when a recruiter for the Springfield Communist Party is introduced on the field before the start of the game; he is pelted with tomatoes before he can begin his speech, and remarks that it is at least better than "Dart Day"). Afterwards, they go to lift weights and watch Ren and Stimpy. Eventually, Homer finds out about Bart's Bigger Brother and angrily confronts him about the issue. Homer plans to go to the Bigger Brothers Agency to get revenge by being assigned a replacement son. There, he is assigned a child named Pepi (whom he calls "Pepsi" for a brief period). Homer shows Pepi the garage door, "a wonder of modern technology" and then the two look at the stars together. Meanwhile back at the Simpsons' household, Marge finds a $378.53 phone bill for calls made to The Corey Hotline. Because of this, Marge heads up to talk to Lisa who is hiding in her room, as the entrance is decorated with a Corey poster. Marge tells Lisa that she understands what Lisa is going through and that when she was a girl she had a crush on a young man named Bobby Sherman. This revelation causes Lisa to laugh uproariously. Even so, in the end Lisa promises her mother "...you'll never be billed for another call." However, Lisa continues to make calls to the hotline from such places as Doctor Hibbert's office and from a phone at Springfield Elementary. After Principal Skinner catches her calling the hotline, he calls Marge. In Skinner's office, Marge suggests that Lisa try to go until midnight without calling the hotline; if she can do so, she will have conquered her addiction. Lisa is eventually able to accomplish after a struggle. Elsewhere, Homer takes Pepe to Marine World to attend Big Brothers Day. Tom also takes Bart there. After Homer runs into Bart, Tom tells Bart not to talk to strangers and begins to lead him away from Homer. Homer states that he is Bart's father. As Bart has told Tom many false or relatively over exaggerated stories of Homer being a terrible parent, Tom halts and asks Homer with barely-restrained anger "His father, the drunken gambler?" Homer seeing nothing wrong with the connection, instinctively and cheerfully replies, "That's right, and who might you be?" Tom punches Homer in the face, beginning a brawl between the two men. Homer manages to match Tom by fighting dirty; distracting Tom by saying a there's a troubled kid nearby and punching him when he looks away. The fight rages across Springfield, with Homer tackling Tom into a china shop, then sending him back out with an uppercut. At one point Homer and Tom tumble down one side of Springfield Gorge... and fight their way up the other side! In the end, Tom stuns Homer with a series of punches which causes him to bend painfully backwards over a hydrant dislocating vertebrae in his spine and leaving him paralyzed. Homer ends up in a stretcher and Bart—who feels guilty for indirectly causing the fight—gets ready to ride with him to the hospital. Tom is left without a child to take care of and Pepi without a Big Brother. Seeing this, Bart makes an obvious conclusion, telling them that Tom should become Pepi's big brother. Tom and Pepi agree and start hanging out with each other. Afterwards, Bart and Homer reconcile and the episode finishes with them sitting on the couch, Homer teaching Bart how to fight dirty (like he did with Tom). 