 The episode begins on Valentine's Day, with KBBL Radio DJ Marty playing 'Monster Mash' on the radio accidentally while trying to pass it off as a deliberate choice. At school, Lisa's class begins constructing paper mailboxes for all the cards they are about to receive. When Ralph doesn't get any cards and begins to sob, Lisa hastily gives him a card out of sympathy. Ralph immediately cheers up, and develops a crush on his classmate. Ralph begins to follow Lisa around, walking her home and discussing his medical maladies. Lisa tries to escape the situation and let him down gently, but Ralph, with the encouragement of his father, who is revealed to be Chief Wiggum, to keep trying, doesn't understand and uses his position as the police chief's son to get her tickets to Krusty's upcoming 29th Anniversary Special, as well as a leading part for himself in a President's Day Pageant as George Washington (beating out the school's best actor, Rex) with Lisa also starring as Martha Washington, George's wife. This of course doesn't settle in well with Rex and he accuses Miss Hoover of being bought out. Though Ms. Hoover claims it fair, it's soon revealed that she was blackmailed by Ralph's father. Homer When the humiliated Ralph tells his father what happened, Wiggum is furious, taking advantage to smash out Homer's tail light at a traffic stop. However the angry Homer tells him that one day honest citizens will rise up against corrupt cops and Wiggum is quickly at a loss. The day of the play finally arrives and Lisa tries to take the opportunity to apologize to Ralph, however he refuses to listen, determined to play his part just the same. In the meantime, Bart wreaks havoc, making his butt look like Richard Nixon and then mooning the other students. Mrs Hoover stops him and reminds him that he is to play Abraham Lincoln's assassin, John Wilkes Booth, not act like a maniac. The play begins with one group of students singing about the lesser-known U.S. Presidents. The assassination of Abraham Lincoln (played by Milhouse) is then played out. Bart models his performance on The Terminator rather than on the real Booth ("Hasta la vista, Abey!") and an annoyed Miss Hoover drags Bart off the stage in disgust. The main feature however is a re-telling of George Washington's life story. At first, Lisa is convinced that Ralph has forgotten his lines, or intends to humiliate her as she did him. However he gives a touching and emotional performance that affects everybody in the audience, inspiring the bully trio to learn more of their founding fathers and making Groundskeeper Willie tearful. The play ends with an animatronic Mount Rushmore singing one of the stanzas of "America The Beautiful", as well as giving away final stage announcements to the audience to buy orange juice. Afterward, Ralph signs autographs and greets well-wishers. Lisa also approaches, and gives him a new card, reading "Let's bee [be] friends." Ralph laughs at the joke and thanks Lisa, the two making up. Chief Wiggum watches Ralph and Lisa sitting together on the swings. Also turning to the radio and ignoring the police dispatch of an ongoing riot and the episode finishes as it began... with Marty accidentally playing 'Monster Mash'.