  While watching an installment of the McBain movie series, Bart expresses amazement at how evil the main antagonist is, to which to Homer remarks that there's no one that evil in reality. However, he failed to account for Mr. Burns, who's sitting in his office, laughing at a window cleaner hanging on for dear life after the platform snapped in half. Burns then closes the blinds (a scream is heard outside) and telephones Smithers to find out why the workers' union leader was still absent from a meeting to discuss the proposed union contract. Smithers informs his boss that the Union President hasn't been seen since he promised to clean up the union (it's implied that he was killed in the effort when a football player trips over the spot where the union buried him). Overlooking the contract, Burns is disgusted with the demands and reminisces about simpler times when he observed his Grandfather treat his workers however he pleased but ignored their warnings about unionizing. As such, he chooses to take on the greedy union and revoke their dental plan.
 Meanwhile, at Painless Dentistry, the Simpson kids are getting their teeth checked by Dr. Wolfe. During the visit, it is discovered Lisa needs braces. When Marge informs Homer, he tells her not to worry about the cost, as the union had won a dental plan during the strike of 1988 (a strike where Homer was injured by the falling awning of a food truck and sneaking under the door of a pay-toilet). Later, at a meeting of the local chapter of International Brotherhood of Jazz Dancers, Pastry Chefs and Nuclear Technicians, Carl announces that the newest contract requires the union to give up their dental plan in exchange for a free keg of beer for their meetings. Homer slowly comprehends that giving up their dental plan would result in his family losing their insurance and require him to pay for Lisa's braces out-of-pocket. Homer jumps into action, reminding everyone how their dental plan has helped them all, and how the new contract is an insult. Carl proposes Homer be the new union president and is promptly elected by a nearly unanimous vote. As his first action as the new union president, Homer rips up the contract agreeing to give up their dental plan. Burns monitors Homer (with a camera planted in the keg he gave them and on the plant's security monitors) and is impressed, asking Smithers which employee is the one taking action. A confused Smithers reminds Mr. Burns about all the encounters he's had with the Simpsons family (such as the time Marge ruined his gubernatorial campaign, the time Burns ran over Bart with his car, the time Homer prevented a nuclear meltdown at the plant, and the time Burns even had Marge paint a nude of him) though Burns remembers none of it. The following morning, Homer's family all congratulate him for his new position as Union President and tell that this will give him a chance to gain better conditions for his co-workers (although Homer is more interested in making significant connections to, "organized crime"). Lisa asks Homer if he'll be able to get the dental plan back for her braces and Homer tells her that it depends on whether or not he's a better negotiator than Burns. Unfortunately, everyone's hopes are dashed when Bart persuades Homer to exchange his danish for a doorstop by simply swapping the adjectives ("Dad, I'll give you this delicious doorstop for your crumby old danish."). The next day, Mr. Burns continues to mistake Homer for a brilliant tactician, confusing his attempt to get a Sugar Daddy off his back with exercising. Burns invites Homer to his office to try to reach an agreement, but Burns' sly innuendos are mistaken by Homer as sexual advances. Homer quickly gets to his feet, saying he doesn't go for those "backdoor shenanigans" and promptly leaves.
 After a seemingly terrifying prep before her anesthetization (and her dream in the form of a Beatles "Yellow Submarine" style drug trip), Lisa is given her new braces. Due to not having the dental plan available at the time, the only braces they could afford were an old, outdated design that predated stainless steel so they couldn't get wet and required her to have a couple of teeth removed from the back of her jaw. 
 The braces ended up being extremely noticeable, leading her to call herself a "monster", and even horrifying the photographer when her school pictures are taken. Meanwhile, Mr. Burns sends hired goons to Homer's in order to take him back to Burns Manor to negotiate. But first, Mr. Burns gives Homer a tour of his mansion to give him an idea of what he is capable of (such as the largest T.V. in the free world and 1000 monkeys on typewriters). Once they actually sit to talk, Homer is overcome with a pressing need to use the bathroom due to the large amount of free beer he had drunk during the tour. At first, Homer tries to ignore the urge, but due to the sounds of dripping water and Burns using various innuendos in his words, he asks where the bathroom is and immediately leaves, causing Burns to think that Homer is unwilling to even hear him out. Infuriated by the failed meeting, Mr. Burns takes Homer back to his house via helicopter. As Burns departs, he tells Homer that he's going to crush him like a bug and then takes off laughing maniacally (before falling out of the helicopter and asking Homer to rub his legs until he can feel them again, ultimately being carried off by helicopter once again in a stretcher). Homer finally becomes fed up with Mr. Burns and calls a meeting where the union immediately vote to strike.
Burns is undeterred by the strike and tries several methods of breaking it up, such as bringing in 30's era strikebreakers (led by Homer's father) and buying loyal robot workers (which turn on Burns and Smithers). On an edition of Kent Brockman's talk show "Smartline", Burns is allowed an opening tirade and he threatens dire events. Fifteen minutes later, Burns and Smithers march to a secret room in the power plant and turn off the power for the whole town. Everything quickly descends into anarchy with people looting stores and destroying property. Despite the cut power, the strikers don't lose hope and, led by Lisa, begin to sing. Burns, confident he has broken the union's spirit, steps out of his balcony to hear their reaction but is disarmed by their unity and optimism (in the form of a parody of, "How The Grinch Stole Christmas"). Burns finally calls a meeting with Homer to concede to their demands on one condition: that Homer must resign as union president. Homer celebrates slapstick style, prompting Burns to finally realize that Homer is not a brilliant tactician. Homer goes outside and tells his coworkers that a deal had been reached and they're going back to work and power is aptly returned to Springfield.
 With the Simpson family insured again, Lisa's obsolete braces are replaced by the dental-plan-covered luxury braces, and she, the Simpson family and the dentist gather and laugh as the episode finishes (as he had left the 'laughing gas' on).
