 The titles are a parody of The Munsters opening sequence, presented in black-and-white and with the Simpsons theme done in the style of The Munsters theme song. Homer is Herman Munster, Marge is Lily Munster, Lisa is Marilyn Munster (holding a book on copyright law), Bart is Eddie Munster, and Abe is Grandpa Munster. An angry mob of townspeople with pitchforks and torches appear and confront the Simpsons. The mob kill Marge and Grandpa with wooden stakes (and some cloves of garlic around Marge's neck), set Homer on fire, and set a leghold trap on Bart's head. Then they walk away leaving Lisa unharmed possibly due to her normal appearance to walk away from the scene pretending as if she was never there without any connection of the monstrous family. In a parody of Ghost Dad, the Simpsons are eating breakfast, while Homer reads his horoscope, where it states that he will die that day, and someone will compliment him at work. Marge's horoscope says that her husband will die. Homer dismisses it and leaves for work. On his way to work, he narrowly escapes death several times. When he gets to the power plant Lenny compliments him... about a rattlesnake on his arm. Since he is still alive at the end of the day (despite multiple injuries and close calls) Homer scoffs at the horoscope, but is finally killed after eating some broccoli, which Dr. Hibbert informs Marge that it is "the deadliest plant on Earth - why, it tries to warn you itself with its terrible taste!" But when Homer reaches Heaven, St. Peter informs him that he hasn't done a good deed in his life, and in order to enter Heaven, he must return to Earth as a ghost and do a good deed within twenty-four hours. Over the next twenty-four hours, he tries to do good deeds but succeeds only in getting a noogie from Nelson and accidentally dropping Agnes Skinner to her death (Homer's claim of being positive she was going to be the next Hitler doesn't pass muster). With only one minute left, he grabs a baby from a runaway pram which then rolls into traffic and explodes. Confident that he will now get into Heaven, he returns to St. Peter, who apologizes as he had not been looking during Homer's good deed. Thus, Homer is sent to Hell, where Satan gives him noogies for all eternity and asks him to stop shouting because he will wake up John Wayne, who it turns out that he has already woken up for his day in Hell. In a fairy tale setting, the family are peasants living in a pumpkin cottage in a fairy tale world, with Homer as the village oaf. But when Homer is fired and they are unable to afford food, he vows that no child will go hungry in his home. He then tosses out Bart and Lisa into the nearby woods, where they find a former son and daughter pair (who were also tossed out by Homer), are now skeletons. Lisa, using her book of Grimms' Fairy Tales, guides them through the forest's many dangers, including a troll hiding under a bridge and the Three Bears. Meanwhile, Marge admonishes Homer for throwing out the kids (she was planning to sell them, and is already advertising Maggie for "two chickens or best offer"), and orders him to get them back. While Homer is looking for his kids, he finds Rapunzel's tower. Rapunzel asks Homer to rescue her and lowers her hair so that he can climb up to her window. But Homer is way too heavy, and he is only able to climb part of the way up over Rapunzel's pained cries before his weight separates Rapunzel's hair (and possibly scalp) from her head, causing Homer to plummet to the ground. Homer pushes the pile of hair behind a bush with his foot and runs off. The kids go to a gingerbread house where a witch invites them inside. Soon Lisa is in chains and sweeping, and Bart is being fattened up to be eaten. But before the witch can cook them, they distract her by saying she has no one to look good for, and when she claims her boyfriend (George Cauldron) is coming by soon for a date, Homer bursts in. The witch zaps him repeatedly, making him part-chicken and part-fish among other things. She tries to stuff him in the oven, but Homer overpowers her and shoves her in, locking the door. As she dies, Homer (almost) reverts to normal, and the family's surprised when a very handsome man named George Cauldron shows up for a date with "Suzanne". Later, the family is eating dinner and Marge says that although they are poor, they will never go hungry again thanks to Homer, who can now lay eggs with his chicken lower-body-half. 