 While feeding Santa's Little Helper, Bart finds a badger in his doghouse. Bart and Lisa try to get rid of it themselves, but are unsuccessful. After Homer suggests they blow up the doghouse with dynamite, Lisa tells him to call animal control instead. When Homer calls them, he gets a tri-tone and a recording indicating that he did not enter the correct area code. Marge informs him that the phone company ran out of numbers, so they had to split Springfield into two area codes. One half keeps the old 636 and the Simpsons' half get the new 939. Homer is outraged that they changed the code without warning (even though Lenny and Carl say that they had weeks of in-advance warnings, including two weeks at area code camp). While at a town meeting, Lindsey Naegle shows a film (starring talking telephone Phony McRing-Ring) that attempts to convince the audience two area codes are better. The whole town agrees with it. However, Homer stands up, accuseing the phone company of making the film on purpose and points out that the original 636 code was kept by the rich side of town. When Homer fails to blow himself up with the suicide belt he was wearing, he leads a rebellion of the poor and goes off to form a new town. Homer names the town with the new 939 code "New Springfield", which has residents including: Flanders, Comic Book Guy, Moe, Lenny, Carl, and the Simpsons. While half of the town with 636 is now called "Olde Springfield", which includes residents such as: Kent Brockman, Principal Skinner, Apu, Mrs. Krabappel, and Krusty, Homer is appointed mayor of New Springfield, but shows disrespect for the office by using his sash as a napkin. While unveiling the Olde Springfield town plaque, Mayor Quimby attempts to bond with New Springfield, but Homer throws a beer can at him. A rivalry quickly ensues between the two towns. On Channel 6, Kent Brockman insults the inefficiency of New Springfield, and states that New Springfield is less attractive than they Olde Springfield are, and while they talk in a sophisticated manner, New Springfield citizens tend to use low-brow expressions like "Oh, yeah?" and "C'mere a minute". Homer says, "Oh, yeah? So they think they're better than us, huh? Bart, c'mere a minute." Bart replies, "You c'mere a minute." and Homer says, "Oh, yeah?" That night, Homer and Bart go to the Nuclear Plant and cut off the power to Olde Springfield. Olde Springfield retaliates by hijacking a beer truck and dumping its contents in the river. Homer and New Springfield strike back by cutting off the river supply into Olde Springfield; however, with the river drained, its inhabitants find gold in the riverbed and buy the Evian bottled water factory. Homer decides to build a giant wall right through town, just like the one Berlin had. When he tells his citizens they do not have enough supplies to get past tomorrow, and that a wave of disease will kill the weak (afterwards, they'll be forced to eat certain breeds of dogs), everyone except the Simpsons leave, abandoned the Simpsons and join Olde Springfield. Now the mayor of a ghost town, Homer boasts to himself that The Who is coming to their town. Lisa then points out the arena is in Olde Springfield, which means they are actually performing in Olde Springfield, making Homer cry,"D'oh!" Bart says that they could try to talk the band into playing in New Springfield. Before heading out, he smashes a shop window and grabs a bottle of chloroform. Homer and Bart go to the Hotel Pillowmint where The Who is staying, and Homer tells them that Olde Springfield would make them cut their hair, turn their music down, and wear frilly shirts like Keith Partridge. The Who is shocked at this, and, after a Who-huddle, they agree to play in New Springfield. When Olde Springfield is waiting for the band, they find them in New Springfield and prepare to riot. While waiting for Olde Springfield to show up, Homer gives the band a list of songs to play. Roger complains that most songs on the list are by Grand Funk Railroad and that they don't know 'Pac-Man Fever'. Olde Springfield shows up and launches flaming garbage at Homer with a catapult. Roger and John then discover that the feud is over the town being split into two area codes. Roger suggests they buy phones with speed dial, and both towns agree. Homer yells," 'Magic Bus'!" prompting the whole town to shout in agreement. Roger says they'll play 'Magic Bus' if Homer tears down the wall of garbage. Homer then yells," 'Pinball Wizard'!" which makes it clear that he just wants to hear them play. Pete says, "Oh, hell, I'll do it myself." and turns his amplifier up to a 'whuh-oh!' setting. The Who then play the outro to 'Won't Get Fooled Again', which knocks Homer onto the ground and destroys a section of the wall, merging the towns again. Homer then blames Marge for everything that happened. Before Marge can object, Homer dips a rag in chloroform and puts it over her face, making her fall unconscious and he dances with her until the credits roll. Meanwhile the badger leads an animal invasion of the town to "get 'em while they're dancing". 