 Marge makes pancakes for the family breakfast, but when Lisa goes to get the syrup, she notices a very old box of odor absorbing baking soda at the back of the fridge. Homer makes a bet with Bart that he can eat the whole box for $50, and after one bite, Homer has an "antacid trip" and is unable to finish. Bart takes his newly won $50 and goes on a spending spree with Milhouse. After spending $40, Bart and Milhouse go to The Android's Dungeon to buy a new edition of Radioactive Man, but don't have enough money. Meanwhile, Martin's mother shows up with a box of her son's items to sell to Comic Book Guy, but unbeknownst to her, the old box of "junk" is actually her son's extremely rare Star Wars memorabilia. He offers her 5 dollars for the box, but Bart and Milhouse intervene and convince her not to sell it to him. Consequently, Comic Book Guy bans the two from the store for life. Lisa and Marge see a notice in the paper that a show by Tom Savini will be performed at the Android's Dungeon. Bart and Milhouse try to sneak in by carrying Homer on their shoulder under a trench coat under the guise of Shaquille O'Neal. However, Comic Book Guy had previously been tipped off to the plan by Homer for a bribe, and they are prevented from entering the show, but lets Homer in to see. During the show, Tom Savini plays several pranks on Comic Book Guy, humiliating him. Just before he declares everyone is banned from his store, he collapses, and Savini declares he's had a heart attack. At the hospital after the ordeal, Dr. Hibbert tells Comic Book Guy to avoid stress and stop running the store for a while, or have a friend do it for him. However, he has no real friends. Bart and Milhouse had called 911 when he had his heart attack, so to make it up to them, he allows them to manage the store during his absence. Their management of the store goes well (with Bart ordering Milhouse around) until, in an attempt to impress Lisa, Milhouse makes a bold management decision to buy 2000 copies of a comic called "Biclops", a comic sold by Plan 9 Comics and published by Lens Crafters about a glasses-wearing superhero. Meanwhile, Comic Book Guy has been searching for human companionship. After being called a manatee at Moe's Tavern, he returns by first insulting Duff and then air conditioners, upsetting everyone and getting himself ejected from the bar. On his way to a group therapy session, he bumps into Agnes Skinner. They exchange insults, and end up falling in love and beginning a torrid relationship. Milhouse's purchase decision, of course, proves to be poor as the comic is very unpopular to potential customers, but he had spent all the money on "Biclops". Bart and Milhouse start fighting over their predicament and accidentally stumble upon CBG's secret (and illegal) video stash. In order to recoup their losses, Milhouse hatches a plan to sell tickets to a midnight showing of the videos in there ( one of which includes CCTV footage of various actions by the townspeople and a stolen video tape of Ned Flanders revealing that Homer released a radioactive ape into his house). However, during a showing, they are busted by Chief Wiggum. Meanwhile, Comic Book Guy and Agnes make out on top of Agnes's bed, about to have sex, when the cops burst him and have him arrested. At the scene of him and Agnes, Eddie retches and Chief Wiggum offers to reduce the sentence if Comic Book Guy puts some pants on. The police lead him away as he bids farewell to Agnes. The episode finishes with Bart and Milhouse leaving the store, which is now an evidence scene, and claiming everything is "back to normal". However, the ape seems to still be living with Ned. 