  Using an accelerator-ray, Kang and Kodos hope to speed up a World Series baseball game to air The Simpsons. Things later go sour, as the baseball players go so fast that they turn into a killer vortex and the baseball stadium is drawn in to a specific point where the gravity is high. Afterwards, the stadium's surroundings are drawn into this point. The whole city of Springfield follows, then Earth's oceans, the whole Earth, the solar system, numerous galaxies and finally God is drawn into this singularity, a form of a Big Crunch. Kodos says to Kang, "Smooth move, space-lax! You've destroyed the totality of existence." Kang replies, "It will be fine. I'll just leave a note." The Yellow Post-it note he places says: "Treehouse of Horror XVI" in red writing that looks like blood.
 In a parody of A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Bart ends up in a coma after attempting to jump from the roof to the swimming pool at Spinster Arms Apartments. In an effort to cope with the loss of their boy, the family takes in a robotic boy, named David, who quickly proves to be a better son.
 Later, Bart wakes up from the coma however the two boys soon try to compete for their families love. In the process, David uses his skills at robot to upstage Bart in every way, shape and form much to Bart's anger (with the exceptions of the soft serve ice cream David made for everyone winning over Bart's fellow classmates). Marge grows concerned with the boys rivalry, Homer comforts her and says he will fix it. Of course instead of getting rid of the better robot son Homer plans to dump Bart in the woods. Bart soon comes across a band of defunct robots, harvesting their parts to become a powerful cyborg. He returns home to seek his revenge on David. The citizens are suprised by the modifications Bart had made to himself as Homer claimed he sent Bart to culinary school. Bart confronts David ready to destroy the automaton for stealing his life. David grabs Homer and uses him as a shield claiming that if Bart wants to destroy his clone he will also have to harm Homer. Since Homer dumped him in the middle of the woods and ran off, Bart is all too happy to simply cut though Homer to kill David. Eventually, Homer, who no longer has his legs, now has to be fused with David's legs. In the end it is revealed that it was all a dream induced by Homer's Demonic Possession, in a parody of 'The Exorcist'. A priest comes and splashes holy water on Homer who begins to preform the exorcist movements and music, and climbs up on the ceiling. Marge calls the plant to tell them that Homer won't be able to come in, and Homer exclaims "Whoo-hoo!" and collapses on the bed, relaxed, but with his head still turned around backwards.
 In a parody of The Most Dangerous Game and Survival of the Fittest, Homer and the other citizens of Springfield receive a letter from Mr. Burns to come to his mansion to go hunting. Homer goes, despite his family's warnings. Unbeknownst to them, they are the prey to be hunted by Burns. After his lawyer writes something that "should work in just about every courtroom" (and is then shot by Burns), he gives everyone five minutes vantage (except Comic book Guy who sarcastically says he would rather be shot right then and there, so he is), but even so he manages to kill almost everyone, some of who climbed a tree but were launched into the air by Homer, and shot by Burns (except for Moe, who dies because he is impaled on a weather vane and being crushed by a dead Chief Wiggum).
 While the Simpson family watch the hunt on TV, the survivors hide in a forest, in which Professor Frink is eaten by Homer and everyone but him is shot by Burns' attack helicopter. Homer manages to survive the night as his friends are killed, and he uses Barney's dead body so Burns thinks he is Homer. He falls from a tree and Burns is ready to shoot at him, but just as he is about to do it, he and Smithers are both knocked out with frying pans by Marge, who then hits Homer for being away from home for eighteen hours and not calling home once. Homer can't stay mad at Marge as the pan she hit him with smells like sausages and onions. Marge replies by admitting that she is greatful that Homer is okay.
 Homer and Marge kiss each other at first, but then go as far as deciding to make out with each other. One reporter asks Terry Bradshaw what his thoughts are on what had just transpired. Terry Bradshaw considers this a disgrace, as the network will show a dozen gruesome murders, but bets that they will cut to commercial before Homer and Marge begin to have sex, describing it as "the tender act of love." He is interrupted by Homer unzipping Marge's dress while making out with her, with Terry noting that he is spoken too soon, turning around quickly, cheering at both performing sex, excitedly saying "There they go", blocking the viewer from what is shown. It ends with him shockingly saying that what he is seeing is going in his Playbook, as he watches both continue to have sex on national television.
