  One day, the Simpsons attend a church fundraiser for a new steeple. In spite of Homer's best efforts to cheat, with his duck known as Terrible Two, Ned Flanders wins a rubber duck racing contest and wins a female-oriented computer called FeMac. Ned gives the computer to Marge because Ned doesn't have any use for it. In return for the computer, Marge babysits Rod and Todd. With Marge spending so much time at the Flanders', Homer must look after Bart and Lisa. He spends most of the time sleeping and Bart and Lisa break many things, while jousting with their bikes as steeds.
 When Lisa insists, Homer takes the kids to an animal shelter for retired film animals. The trip goes awry when Toot-Toot the monkey pulls Bart into her cage and holds him hostage after Bart offers her a bit of his ice cream. Marge listens to Rod and Todd's prayers which include them having a wonderful day and forgiving Mrs. Simpson for eavesdropping on their prayers. Ned comes back home and sees his kids wearing Band-Aids, and tells them to crawl to their beds. Marge tells him that he should support some forms of adventuring and shows him a flier about an activity center with everything covered in foam. Ned agrees eventually after some thought.
 Homer fools Marge into not having to worry about Bart; Marge takes Rod and Todd to the children's activity center to encourage their spirit. Ned secretly spies on them and overreacts to Rod's minor injury of a chipped tooth, for which reason Ned bans Marge from babysitting Todd and Rod. Marge learns of Bart's kidnapping via a breaking news report from a small television set hanging from the roof of the centre. Toot Toot and Bart end up on the top of the Church's unbuilt steeple much like King Kong on the Empire State Building. Reverend Lovejoy makes Marge cry when he indicates he is willing to name the steeple in memory of Bart.
 Rod, putting his newly acquired climbing skills to use, climbs the scaffolding in an attempt to rescue Bart using Toot Toot's son (Mr. Teeny, Krusty the Clown's pet monkey) as an exchange. Marge convinces Ned to learn that he must believe in his son and not worry about harm in order for Rod to make it to the top, and successfully rescue Bart from the monkey. At that rate, Ned praises Rod to be brave and go up the scaffolding to get the job done. Eventually Rod gets it done, rescuing Bart. While Bart and Rod were climbing Bart was calling Rod 'gay', which Rod thinks means 'when you were scared of something and now you aren't scared of it anymore' after Bart tells him so. The episode finishes with Rod yelling to Ned that 'Mrs. Simpson made me gay!'
 At the credits, Ned stares at Marge, but Maude, shown to be in Heaven, looks on, becomes proud that Rod is growing up.
