 When the Simpsons' plans for a nice family outing at The Frying Dutchman turns into a dining disaster (due to an uncooperative octopus armed with knives), the family tries to salvage the night by turning the episode into yet another Simpsons anthology show (in the same vein as Tales from the Public Domain, Margical History Tour and Simpson Christmas Stories)---but with a nautical theme. Marge (who's a widow) and her two children, Bart and Lisa, board the Mayflower to head for the new world, but just as they do, Homer runs ahead of them and hides in a barrel. Marge, Bart and Lisa see that he's wanted by the police (Lenny Leonard and Carl Carlson) for questioning on why the current time period is called the Jacobean era when the King's name is James rather than Jacob, and the family takes pity on him. Marge and Homer start to like each other, but Moe, who also likes Marge, instantly becomes jealous of their friendship. To get Homer out of the way, Moe takes him down to the storage room where all the beer is held and tells him to drink whenever a wave hits the boat. He gets drunk, and Captain Flandish and Reverend Lovejoy find him and other passengers partying. Moe blames Homer, and they place him in a stock. A storm then approaches, and Captain Flandish becomes unconscious. Homer claims that he's actually a good driver when he's drunk (claiming that he's been driving drunk since he was just twelve), and while drinking a bottle of wine while still trapped in the stock and shirtless, he leads them safely out of the storm, and he and Marge become an official couple. All members of the Mayflower meet the Wampanoag tribe, and Flandish thanks Great Chief Wig-Gum for all he has done for them, as he regrets for what they are going to do to them. Wiggum then asks what that is, and Flandish replies it is giving him the biggest piece pumpkin pie, and mumbles that they are going to take their land and wipe them out.  The Bounty sets sail from England in 1789, commanded by Captain Bligh