 While walking through Springfield, Bart and Lisa childishly squabble over who is "gay for Moleman" - fighting, they roll into Professor Frink's basement. He welcomes them, saying that his new astrology machine told him they would come to his house, and he goes on to show them a film of how life will be in their final days of high school, eight years in the future. In 2013, Bart and Lisa are graduating. Lisa is doing this two years early, and is bound for Yale. She goes to the prom with a muscular, emotional Milhouse, having only agreed to this after he saved her from a house fire that he caused when she was twelve years of age. Bart is in love with a blond girl, called Jenda; after the prom, Bart proposes to Jenda, but she turns him down and ends their relationship, because she doesn't believe he is able to provide for her. Meanwhile, Marge has separated from Homer after he blew the family savings on an underwater house. Homer takes Bart to a night on the town in his hover-car, as Donald Fagen’s IGY (International Geophysical Year) plays in the background, but the only girls they find are Mrs. Krabappel and Ms. Hoover who used to be Bart and Lisa's fourth and second grade teachers respectively. Bart then plans to get a job at the Kwik-E-Mart. While making a delivery to Mr. Burns, he is held at gunpoint by Snake (who now uses a combination phaser/cellphone), but Bart saves Burns when Snake is distracted by a phone call. As a reward, Burns offers to send Bart to Yale with his scholarship, which was previously promised to Lisa. Believing it will impress Jenda enough to take him back, Bart accepts. When Lisa finds out at their graduation, she becomes furious with Bart. Meanwhile, in the audience, Homer fights Krusty, whom Marge is now dating. Jenda does indeed take Bart back, now that he has the scholarship. Meanwhile, Lisa, felling dejected, chooses to settle for Milhouse while attending Hot Dog on a stick Management Camp. While walking with Jenda, Bart finds Professor Frink's house, and uses the astrology machine to see what the post-2050 future holds for Lisa and Milhouse: they live a nowhere marriage and Milhouse sells all his bone marrow just to pay the electric bill, which still isn't enough. Bart rushes away to save Lisa from life with Milhouse, and gives her the scholarship. Jenda dumps Bart again, and he chooses of getting a girl who loves him for himself. In the present, Frink tells Bart he will find that special girl... one minute before he passes on at the age of 83. Meanwhile, Homer has won back Marge's heart by getting beaten up by Krusty. 