 Springfield is having a parade in homage to Jebediah Springfield, the city's founder. During the parade, Bart activated a fire engine's water cannon, soaking Chief Wiggum. As a result, the Springfield P.D. got into a battle against the volunteer Fire Department, which ended up on a SWAT tank loosing control and destroying the Kwik-E-Mart, injuring Apu and Sanjay. At the hospital, Sanjay reveals that he wants to retire from his job at the market and gave his share of the store to his son, Jamshed Nahasapeemapetilon. Seeing Bart's prank consequences, Homer decides that Bart has gone too far, and makes him promisse to never prank again. Milhouse tried to bring the old Bart back, but he resisted dropping a bee hive on Superintendent Chalmers crotch and releasing the handbrake on Skinner's cherry-picker. But his new personality came with benefits, as now he's getting better grades, and as result, he's having a closer bond with his younger sister Lisa, as now he understands her point of view for not having any recognition at all for her achievements. Six weeks after the incident, Apu goes see what they've done with the Kwik-E-Mart, only to find at it's place the Quick & Fresh, a store that sells natural products run by Jamshed (Who's now called Jay). At the store's restroom, Jay explains that Apu have an addiction for scatching The Big Bang Theory tickets, and because of that, he's the owner of 80% of the store. Later, Moe and Apu are talking about what happened to his store, but Jay, who's already angry at his uncle for being a stereotype, fires Apu from his job. Apu is so depressed that he goes to Moe's Tavern, where Moe convinces Homer to turn Bart into a prankster again for him to pull a prank on Jay so Apu could have his store back. Bart, who came back to his old self Clockwork Orange style, decides that the best prank would be to turn the Quick & Fresh light switch off for thirty seconds. As none of the products have conservants, everything will rotten, but he's interrupted by Lisa, who reminds him that after he stopped pranking, they love each other even more, but Bart misinterprets the expression "unconditional love" as a sign he can do anything he wants and still be loved by his sister, so he cuts the store's power for a few seconds. Inside the store, all the products starts deteriorating, scaring the costumers away, but when he turns the power back on, two massage stones collide, producing a spark that lead to a major fire. As the fireman used all their water and foam against the police on the parade, they have nothing they can extinguish the fire with, and the store is completelly destroyed by the flames. Later, Apu apologized about what happened to Jay, but he also found another The Big Bang Theory scratching ticket in the middle of the debris. He scratches it and wins a million dollars, enough money to buy his store back and rebuild the Kwik-E-Mart. 