 Homer was using Flanders' leaf blower when it ran out of gas, so Homer chose to complain to him, only to discover that Ned got a chicken coop to get fresh eggs. He also discovered that his neighbor's eggs are much better than the ones consumed by the Simpsons, so Homer joins forces with Bart to steal eggs from him. But Ned discovered their plan and managed to catch them stealing, so Homer chose to create his own chicken coop to get his own eggs. However, Homer and Bart realized that the stolen eggs taste much better than theirs, so they plan to get rid of their chickens and keep stealing Ned's eggs. The family donates their chickens to Exploration Incorporated, a company that wants to make a Mars colony by the year 2026. After visiting their facilities, Lisa is interested in the project and chooses to sign up, even at the expense of leaving her home forever, but thinking it is her true purpose. The family is highly against Lisa's choice, especially Marge, who can't bear the thought of never seeing her daughter again, but Homer convinces her to pretend they support Lisa, so this way she will lose interest in going to Mars.However, this proves to be inefficient, so the whole family signs up on the project to force Lisa to give up. During one of the tests, everyone failed, except for Marge and Lisa. However, Paul and Barry, the project's ideologists announced that a rival project is almost in completion, so instead of 2026, the launch would be on Thursday. Most of the participants give up immediately, but Marge and Lisa choose to stay on the project, much to the dismay of Homer and Bart. During the launch, Marge and Lisa reconcile and agree that they do not want to go to Mars anymore, but they make their solution too late as the countdown just started. However, when the countdown reached zero, the rocket didn't move an inch. Paul and Barry reveal that their spaceship was only the outside of a rocket and they did that only to inspire the next generation, and to provide a distraction as they drove away, which failed because their car wouldn't start. At home, Lisa comments to Marge that they almost went to Mars out of sheer stubbornness, to which Marge explains that this is what a mother-daughter relationship is. Lisa replies that surely they can learn this, either on Earth or another planet. 