  Homer was going to present an annual speech at the Nuclear Power Plant and his original plan was to repeat the comedy speech he gave every year, however, many of his punchlines were already used or they would be offensive as Lenny's grandmother was sick. This made him so nervous that he passed out on the stage, leading to a trauma of public speaking. Trying to cheer Homer up, Marge took him to a standup comedy show.
 At the show, Homer was amazed by the actor's potentiality to improvise. He, Lenny and Carl then agreed to join an improvisation class, where Homer learned that he has a method for improvising scenes. They chose to present their own stand-up comedy club at Moe's Tavern, where Homer's performance was acclaimed by the public and the critics.
 With such a great success, Homer was invited to perform at the Springfield Fringe Festival, but Homer was insecure about his performance and Moe advised him that he should cheat on his improvisation act, letting Moe pick his scenarios. However, Lisa observed their plans and convinced Homer to make his show the proper way.
 On a secondary plot, Bart and Lisa go to Ralph's birthday party, where Bart realized that Ralph's new tree-house (built with money that Chief Wiggum withdrew from the evidence locker) is much better than his old current tree-house. Feeling envious, he chose to destroy his tree-house. However, when he mentioned that mothers couldn't build tree-houses, Marge planned to work hard and build Bart the best tree-house she could.
 Later, at the new tree-house, Marge overheard Bart saying to Milhouse that there wasn't any need to thank her, because she was only doing her job. Marge got ticked off at him, but the next morning, Bart took her breakfast into the master bedroom and apologized (with Homer's help), and they reconciled.
 After the episode, we see Marge, Lisa, and Maggie in the house, saying that they wanted to show something special. Lisa says that it took 27 years to do what was done in 1959. Bart then says, "Homer, your turn to bomb." 
