 In a Halloween-themed opening sequence, the title zooms in, looking rocky and decayed, while the three-eyed crow flies across the sky and is electrocuted. The title is then hit and explodes. It then cuts to an army who are fighting off a zombie invasion in front of the Nuclear Power Plant; it's towers are cracked and overflowing with toxic waste. The camera pans over, showing the (giant) crow landing on the Tire Fire, as well as a giant robot fighting a huge monster in the background. It then shows zombie versions of Jimbo and Kearney, decapitating the statue of Jebediah Springfield. The head lands on Ralph, knocking his head off and to the ground, where it starts to lick his ice cream. It then moves over to show Lard Lad getting zapped by lightning; he comes to life and starts to cause destruction, but is grabbed by a Cyclops, resembling Chief Wiggum, who eats him and his donut. Meanwhile, Mrs. Krabappel sits on a bench outside the school next to Alfred Hitchcock, who then throws bread crumbs at her, causing her to be swarmed by crows. In the school, Bart is writing "All Work and No Play Makes Jack a Dull Boy" on the whiteboard. He looks behind him and sees a psychopath Stephen King writing the same text on the walls. He turns to Bart, who runs out of the classroom. He skateboards through a boarded-up door and lands on a creature being swept leaves on, by a version of Groundskeeper Willie resembling Hellboy. The creature, resembling Hellboy foe Karl Ruprecht Kroenen, awakens and begins to battle with Willie. It then goes to the Power Plant, where Homer accidentally throws a nuclear rod over his shoulder and into the neck of his suit; he screams before mutating into a horrific monster resembling the Reaper-Vampire from the film Blade II whilst Carl and Lenny look on. He runs off screaming. Carl then pulls on a costume resembling superhero Blade; he draws his sword, accidentally cutting through Lenny's neck in the process, and runs after Homer. Lenny's head then falls off as his headless body drinks coffee through its neck hole. The camera then pans down underground, briefly showing the corpses of The Tracey Ullman Show versions of the Simpson family as well as a skeleton of Godzilla buried beneath, till it reaches a large banquet. A version of Mr. Burns resembling the Pale Man is sitting reading a book with eyes on his hands. Mr. Smithers as a fairy sprays and polishes his eyes. Burns then looks at him before devouring the man.  Elsewhere at the Grocery Store, Maggie is passed along a checkout by a cashier resembling a huge cockroach, and is priced at "666". She is placed into Marge's trolley; Marge resembles a large blue mantis. Maggie looks at Gerald and he molts his skin to show that he is a monobrowed insect. However, Maggie's skin molts too, revealing that she is Gerald, who shakes his fist at the monster. It then cuts to the school orchestra, which has four versions of the Phantom of the Opera (Lon Chaney, Herbert Lom, Claude Rains, and a version resembling the classic cover of the novel) singing, with Lisa playing the saxophone wildly. The Phantom of the Paradise, playing the organ, then signals the door and she leaves, still playing. Bart then skateboards away from an infected Jeffery Albertson, up the tentacles of Cthulhu and passes multiple horror story writers. A crowd of terrified Springfielders passes him and he joins them in running away from eight of the classic monsters of Universal Studios (Frankenstein's monster, Dracula, the Wolfman, the Mummy, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, the Bride of Frankenstein, the Metaluna Mutant, and the Invisible Man). It then shows Maggie driving a car; she drives into Milhouse, who is knocked off a bridge and eaten by a giant Three Eyed Fish. There is a large panning shot of Springfield with dozens of horror characters and monsters, before showing Homer pulling up onto the driveway. He dodges Bart and Lisa as usual, before Maggie drives up in the hearse. His face morphs to the mutant version earlier and he screams, before Maggie runs him over. He is left twitching on the driveway. The family all rush onto the couch. Bart and Lisa are normal; however, Maggie is still holding her steering wheel, Marge is still a large blue mantis and Homer is now a zombie from the film The Devil's Backbone. Lisa is then sucked into a hole in the couch; she falls down through a Alice In Wonderland-style portal, wearing Alice's costume, before landing on a toadstool. She turns and sees the Hypnotoad (from Futurama). She yelps, but then calms down. She then turns back and finds herself suddenly in a Pan's Labyrinth throne room, dressed as the main character Ofelia. Homer and Marge, with Maggie, sit high up on their thrones as King and Queen, and Bart as the Faun bows to Lisa. Then the camera then pans up to show the Television with the title and credits, while some fairies fly into it and are electrocuted. In a Dr. Seuss parody of both The Cat in the Hat and Oh, the Places You'll Go, on Halloween night the kids all have mumps and Marge leaves for a costume party, leaving them home alone with just one M&M each as their only candy to eat. The door opens later, revealing The Fat in the Hat (Homer). The Fat gives the kids shots to cure their mumps, then offers to take them for candy. Grampa then berates the Fat, who believes he should not be at the kids' home while Marge is out. The Fat knocks him out, and reveals his tiny "helpers" to dispose of Grampa. They all fall to the floor, dead, due to lack of food, air, and water. The Fat pours gasoline on them and burns them, causing the house to blow up. A creature called the Bore-ax appears to them and reveals that he has sold out of merchandising. The Fat throws him in a dustbin, and the kids go through town with the Fat causing havoc all throughout the town. They then trick or treat at Burns' mansion, Mr. Burns refuses to give any candy, and in return, the Fat blows his house up. Burns then has his neck snapped by the Fat, is cooked as a meal and then given to a homeless shelter. At Moe's, the Fat threatens to kill Moe because he has no candy and will not serve minors. He ends up killing him and turning him into a garment called a "thnord". After the kids complain about wanting candy, the Fat holds up a gun to Apu, while the kids take all of the candy. The Fat then forces Apu to spend more time with his family. Later, the Fat kills Patty and Selma at the DMV and passes out license plates to the crowd surrounding him and the kids. He then blows up the Springfield Town Hall, releases all the animals from the local zoo, and leaves a pile of bodies in his path. The kids grow scared of the Fat and escaped on a Humble Gumbamble, which eventually stumbles to the ground and passes out. They then hop on the back of a Krustiforous Krumbull, which is suddenly decapitated by Sideshow Bob, they finally get a lift from the Bee-Man of Bumble back to their house. The Fat was already waiting for them at their house, gloating that he's staying with them forever because he’s their new father... But before he could even finish saying so, Maggie then stabs the Fat with his own umbrella. The Fat mutters his dying wish: to not ever be portrayed by Mike Myers, before ultimately succumbing. Later in the house, the Fat is shown as a yellow fur rug on the carpet and the kids have candy stuffed in their mouths, whence Bart ends the story with the moral: "Yes, kids will get candy, whatever you say!" After the end card, the Fat is shown (falsely) to return in a sequel, entitled "The Fat in the Hat Pledges a Frat". In a parody of The Thing with Two Heads, Bart and Milhouse are flying a box kite near the airport. After Milhouse is taken to the hospital for severe pollen allergies, Bart is left alone and grows sleepy. He ties the kite's string around his neck and falls asleep. Arnie Pye flies through in his helicopter, the kite gets stuck on the side and Bart's head is sliced off. Bart wakes up with his head next to Lisa's, noticing that they are both joined at her neck. Lisa was originally against this, but Dr. Hibbert tells her that her brain is in full control of her and Bart's body. At home, Homer turns Bart's bedroom into a man-cave. On the door is a sign "No Girls...Or Boys attached to Girls". At school, Groundskeeper Willie accommodates for them by drawing an extra head on the bathroom stick-figure. Lisa shows Bart for show and tell and is praised by Ms. Hoover. However, the teacher berates Bart for showing Lisa for show and tell. At therapy, Bart and Lisa learn to like each other and become friends. However, Bart soon discovers that while Lisa is asleep he is in control of the body, so, to make sure that he will forever be in control, he slips some Nappien into her yogurt (and Homer pours the rest of the pills into his yogurt because he thinks they are mix-ins). After failing to cut Lisa's head off with Principal Skinner's car, he ties them to a log in a sawmill. Lisa wakes up and forces Bart's head over to the saw's path; his head is cut off. Lisa looks over at Bart gloatingly and does not notice the next saw, resulting in her head being sawed off too. Bart wakes up next to Selma, who is pleased now that she has a karaoke partner while Lisa's head ends up on Krusty's body and Lisa is forced to be Krusty's comedy partner. Dr. Hibbert is then shown to be connected to Dr. Nick. In a parody of Freaks, at Mr. Burnsum's carnival many spectators watch in awe as he presents many of his freaks, including Kang and Kodos, the Terrifying Callback (Bart on Selma's neck from the end in "Dead and Shoulders"), The Human Donkey (Nelson), Marguerite, an acrobat, Strong-Man Homer, who uses his tongue, and the scary freak, Moe. At the trailer park, Burnsum berates the freaks for leaving early, but Marguerite stands up for them. Homer then orders her back to his side, revealing they are to be married to the freaks. After Mr. Burnsum and Strong-Man Homer leave, Moe and the freaks thank Marguerite for standing up for them. She tells them never to give up hope and kisses Moe on the cheek, he falls in love with her. Lenny and Carl advise Moe to ask Marguerite out, but he knows he can never compete with Strong-Man Homer. Lenny, however, reminds him of his emerald ring. Upon hearing this, Strong-Man Homer makes Marguerite marry Moe instead, of telling her that he is dying. The Freaks accept her as one of them and Moe and Marguerite are officially married. Marguerite catches Strong-Man Homer pouring poison into Moe's wine glass and loses respect for him. Strong-Man Homer sadly walks out of her trailer but discovers Mr. Burnsum's body hanging from a tree after being murdered by the freaks. They emerge from the shadows with hammers and knives shouting "One of us! One of us!" They tar and feather him from the neck down, transforming him into the latest freak show presentation - "The World's Strongest Duck". Then, in a parody of How I Met Your Mother, the scene cuts to the present where it is revealed that the story was told by Homer of how he met Marge. 