 Bart , Milhouse and Homer get in line at Comic Book Guy 's store to purchase the first issue of a Radioactive Man reboot comic. CBG finds out that his competitor Milo (the owner of Coolsville) is now married to his girlfriend, Strawberry, so Comic Book Guy cries and sings a song about him being lonely in his entire life. Suddenly, an imaginary Stan Lee appears to CBG and tells him that he has another chance in love. As a Japanese girl named Kumiko Nakamura enters the store, Stan Lee advises CBG not to waste the opportunity. Kumiko is in the US to research about the country's saddest cities for her autobiographical manga. Comic Book Guy asks her out for a date, and then asks Homer for dating advice, since Homer is the only fat man in real life who is married to a hot woman. During the date, Marge advises CBG to not to be himself, however Kumiko actually likes Comic Book Guy's real personality. Comic Book guy continues to date Kumiko, and they plan to move in together. While dropping off a gift for Kumiko and CBG, Homer meets Yutaka Nakamura, Kumiko's father, in front of the store. Homer tells the gentleman about Comic Book Guy being an obese nerd, which prompts Mr. Nakamura to object their relationship and take Kumiko away. Marge tells Homer to make plans, so Homer takes Mr. Nakamura to a Japanese bar. They drink Habushu (Snake Rice Wine), an incredibly strong form of rice wine (and Homer drinks what he thinks was fish wine when it was actually the restaurant aquarium) and stumble home intoxicated, where the city turns into a wonderland based on Studio Ghibli's films (specifically Spirited Away, My Neighbor Totoro, Ponyo, Princess Mononoke, Howl's Moving Castle, Kiki's Delivery Service and Porco Rosso). Mr. Nakamura learns that by forbidding the relationship, he is taking away Kumiko's life. Comic Book Guy tries to impress Mr. Nakamura by getting a real job using his hitherto unmentioned chemical engineering degree. Mr. Nakamura tells him that he does not have to get a real job since he already likes CBG the way he is. The episode finishes with Comic Book Guy and Kumiko getting married by Stan Lee in the Comic Book Store. 