  Lisa reminds Bart that her birthday is coming up and not to forget to get her a present. Homer's traditional white shirt turns pink in the wash (thanks to Bart's red cap being mixed in with the shirts), and he is forced to face the ridicule of his co-workers by wearing pink to work. He catches the attention of Mr. Burns, who pegs him as "some kind of free-thinking anarchist", and orders him to be examined by Dr. Marvin Monroe. After receiving a take-home psychological test from him, instead of filling out the test himself, he carelessly lets Bart fill it out for him, who does a rush-job by ticking all the boxes, not aware of what the consequences would be. After handing it in, Homer is promptly judged to be insane and committed to a mental institution. There he is bunked with a large yellow man who claims he is Michael Jackson. Having never even heard of Michael Jackson before, Homer believes everything he says. There the two quickly become friends.
 The day of Lisa's birthday, "Michael" calls the Simpson household to inform Bart that Homer has been committed, and Marge starts working on a way to get him out. Marge manages to convince the institution that Homer is not really crazy by pointing out Bart's antics that made Homer go crazy in the first place; the doctors are shocked by this revelation, having assumed that Bart was simply Homer's delusion. Since "Michael" is only at the asylum voluntarily, Homer invites him to their home for the night. Bart, believing that Leon is really Michael Jackson, begins to inform all his friends that he is on his way. Meanwhile, in all the commotion, Lisa seems to be forgotten.
 The word that Michael Jackson is on his way to Springfield spreads through the town, and a large crowd forms around the Simpson house. When the two of them arrive, and the crowd sees an overweight white man instead of Michael Jackson, the crowd gets angry and disperses. After the melee, Bart admits to Lisa that he forgot to buy her a birthday present. Lisa storms off, crushed.
 That evening, Lisa writes a letter to Bart saying that she is disowning him. "Michael" hears everything and then approaches Bart and tries to convince him to write Lisa a song to make up to her. After Bart confronts him about his obvious delusion about being a famous recording star, they get down to writing, and eventually compose a ballad called, "Happy Birthday Lisa." The next day, upstairs, they perform it for Lisa, and all is well again. After this, "Michael" begins to talk with an Italian accent and tells them all that his real name is Leon Kompowsky, and he is a bricklayer from Paterson, NJ. He explains that he was an angry and unhappy man until he started talking like Michael Jackson and saw that it made everyone around him happy, which in turn made him happy, so he just kept on doing it. Leon then takes his leave, walking down the street singing Lisa's birthday song in his normal voice.
