  Ned Flanders invites the Simpsons over for a barbecue. Initially, the entire family attends, but Homer declines because he doesn't like Ned. However, once he smells the food cooking, he quickly reconsiders. While they eat, Ned announces that he is quitting his job at the pharmaceutical company and opening a specialty store for left-handed people, called The Leftorium. For a long time, Homer has shown a lot of resentment for Flanders' material success while he is struggling to provide for his own family. When Homer wins a game of wish bone, he sees it as a chance to reverse the fortune of the Flanders family. He first thinks of a bankrupt Ned but then imagines the Leftorium going out of business. Homer also considered Ned's death, but chose against it, thinking that would be going too far.
 In a side plot, after a lecture from Marge about exercise, Bart asks to take karate lessons. While taking him on his first day, Homer gets his first look at Ned's new store. Business doesn't seem to be going very well, which pleases Homer. On his first lesson, Bart finds that karate isn't what he thought it would be, having been given Sun Tzu's Art of War to study before techniques, and takes to the arcade to play karate video games during his following lessons, merely pretending he is actually learning karate.
 Homer checks up on Ned to make sure the Leftorium is doing poorly. When Homer is boasting about how Flanders is losing his shirt, Lisa warns Homer that such a bad attitude is poisonous. However, when Homer is elsewhere he begins to witness left-handed people who would benefit from patronizing Ned's store, he does nothing to send them in that direction. Soon after, Flanders begins to experience financial hardship as a result of his failing business venture. Rather than helping him, Homer buys most of Ned's belongings at a garage sale at "fire sale" prices. Eventually, Ned loses his store and is forced to close, and has his house repossessed. When Homer sees Ned closing the Leftorium with an "out of business" sign, it is exactly like his imagined wish, but it brings Homer grief, not satisfaction at seeing Flanders poor.
 On the school playground the next day, Jimbo Jones, Dolph, and Kearney antagonise Lisa by playing keep-away with her saxaphone, and she calls upon Bart to defend her with his martial arts skills. Predictably he gets pummelled, but at least the bullies then return Lisa's sax.
 That night, Homer returns Flanders' possessions only to find the family living in their car after losing their house. Ned is actually thankful for Homer's words at the barbecue, as Ned believes that Homer was genuinely trying to warn him against high-risk ventures such as starting a business. Stricken with guilt, Homer decides to take it upon himself to save Flanders. He tells him to open the Leftorium the next day then makes several phone calls, informing all the left-handed people in Springfield about the store as well as calling in favors. The next day, Ned arrives to find the store full of people happily buying the merchandise - and on top of everything else, Mr. Burns buys the left-handed drive car. This helps Ned make the money he needs to save his house, and Homer toasts Ned as "the richest left-handed man in town".
