 The Springfield Nuclear Power Plant softball team has gone through their season undefeated, and in the championship game, they will face the Shelbyville Nuclear Power Plant. Homer is the team's leading hitter, thanks to his homemade Wonder Bat (a takeoff of the plot of the film The Natural). Mr. Burns makes a million dollar bet with Aristotle Amadopolis , owner of the Shelbyville plant, that his team will win. To secure victory in the game, Burns wants to hire major league stars, but Smithers tells Burns that the players he picked are all dead (they were alternately active from 1857–1937). Thus, Burns orders Smithers to locate some current superstar players and hires several Major League Baseball players to work at the plant (Roger Clemens, Wade Boggs, Ken Griffey, Jr., Steve Sax, Ozzie Smith, José Canseco, Don Mattingly, Darryl Strawberry and Mike Scioscia) and to play on the team, much to the dismay of the plant workers who got the team to the championship game in the first place. However, the night before the game, all the players but Strawberry have different incidents that don't allow them to play. Steve Sax has been thrown in jail due to Eddie and Lou accusing him of murder; Mike Scioscia has acute radiation poisoning; Ken Griffey, Jr has contracted gigantism from Mr. Burns' nerve tonic; José Canseco is busy saving a family from a burning building; Wade Boggs is knocked out by Barney during a bar fight; Don Mattingly has been fired for his "sideburns"; Roger Clemens has been hypnotized into believing he's a chicken; and Ozzie Smith has gotten lost in the Springfield Mystery Spot. Because of this, Burns must use actual employees, but keeps Homer on the bench because Strawberry plays his position. The family, especially Bart and Lisa, are outraged at Strawberry for stealing Homer's chance to play and proceed to jeer him from the stands. While Homer is depressed over being benched for most of the game, he also ends up scratching himself near his crotch, forcing Marge to point her video camera down and tell her kids to let her know when Homer stops scratching, also replying with a "we're watching, mom" after a pause (implying that it was going to take a while). Homer does get in, though, with the score tied and bases loaded in the ninth inning, when Burns wants a right-handed hitter against a left-handed pitcher. While Homer is distracted trying to figure out Mr. Burns' signals the very first pitch hits him in the head, rendering him unconscious and forcing in the winning run. Homer is then paraded as a hero, still unconscious. A photo shows all of the baseball players including the ones who could not play in the final game, thus finishing the episode. During the credits, Terry Cashman, who wrote the song "Talkin' Baseball", sings a take on his hit, "Talkin' Softball". 