 The episode starts with Homer, Marge, Bart and Lisa going to the Springfield Elementary School auction. Bart poses as an English widow named Edith Knickertwist on the phone. 'She' bids thousands of dollars for each item meaning the school would have raised $116,000 had it not been a prank. Skinner gets displeased with Superintendent Chalmers (mainly over a matter of being lop-shouldered) and says he should try teaching Bart. Chalmers is nervous about this as he can, but the last time he was teaching, teenagers danced on him. Later, Superintendent Chalmers reveals his hero as former President Theodore Roosevelt. Bart learns about Teddy Roosevelt and gets Milhouse, Jimbo, Dolph and Nelson. After Nelson sprains his arm in an accident while on a field trip, his mother theaters to sue Superintendent Chalmers and he ends up getting fired for taking the boys on an unauthorized field trip. He is then replaced by his much stricter boss, State Comptroller Atkins, who starts giving out demerits. Once again it is up to Bart to help get his job back by driving all the teachers out of the school. He rallies the kids to his side by locking the doors and windows to protest. The teachers are happy to leave but realize they are unable to get their paychecks and become rattled. Realizing he has gone too far, Lisa confronts Bart and mentions she has supported him with his plans to get Chalmers back his job with his protest. However putting the school on lockdown, is something she crosses the line on because of it. Lisa mentions that Bart needs to think about the consequences of his actions because she is concerned that Skinner will retaliate by using Atkins and the police. She is worried that it may get violent along with the property and kids being hurt. Bart responds by locking her in the closet, in which she calls Marge from the closet's phone and forces him to let her out by making him hear Marge's tirades. Skinner wants Willie to smash the door with his tractor, but Bart and the bullies threaten to jettison the photocopier from the second story window. Bart instructs the bullies to gather everyone in the gym and Milhouse to take a nap. Meanwhile, the police and FOX News have been called. After discussing certain matters with Bart, Chief Wiggum slams his gun down, and a round strikes the School Boardman. Chalmers is reinstated and has his title increased to super-duper-intendent. Afterwards, Milhouse goes crazy after not taking his nap. 