 Homer and Marge take Maggie, Bart, and Lisa to Dino Land. After the show, the kids go to the gift shop where Homer says they are each permitted to get only one toy. Lisa and Bart fight over the number of toys they get so Homer says only Maggie can get a toy. Outraged, Bart throws a plastic piece of dinosaur at Homer who dodges and the poop hits a costumed dinosaur head instead. Lisa says she knows the actress and follows it backstage. Lisa recognizes the actress as T.R. Francis, the writer of the Angelica Button book series. However, Lisa's joy turns to shock when the lady reveals that she did not in fact write the book. Instead, she just posed for the cover, and a tired team of underpaid authors wrote the book. A disappointed Lisa tells Homer what happened, and Homer is interested in the idea of writing a children's book. He enlists Bart, Patty, Moe, Seymour, and Professor Frink to help write the book. However, Lisa thinks she could do better, and decides to write her own book. At the library, Homer and the gang decide to write a book about trolls. Suddenly, Neil Gaiman appears, and offers to help write the book. The crew begins to work on the book, while Lisa dawdles with her own project. Finally, The Troll Twins of Underbridge Academy, Homer's book, is done, and they have a party at Moe's Tavern. Later, at the school book fair, they decide to pitch their idea. However, they need a fake author. Homer chooses Lisa to be the author. The crew is happy that the book is being published, but then find out that the story has been changed to be about vampires. Homer and the crew decide to switch the book with their original version, and sneak into the book publishing office. But then, the crew is caught, because Lisa gave the book publishers a tip to get more fame. She publishes the book, but switches the flash drive. So, the original book is published after all. However, Lisa finds out that Neil Gaiman took credit for the book, as he relaxes in Shelbyville. Then later Moe comes from behind the bushes and is about to assassinate Gaiman but cuts a pineapple and they both drink. Moe later asks after he drunk a sip of some juice and Neil didn't. "Hey Neil, Why didn't you drink?" Neil replied. "Its simple. I don't like the taste... of poison."  