  When Bart and Lisa fight over which show they should watch, they accidentally change the channel to a show hosted by a children's entertainer named Roofi. This does not appeal to Bart and Lisa, but Maggie likes it so much Marge buys her a Roofi CD to be played everywhere, twenty-four hours a day without end, much to the annoyance of Bart, Lisa, and Homer, whose obvious dislike of the song is second to Maggie's like of it. Marge still refuses to let them turn it off or watch anything else. Marge goes as far as to even buy tickets to Roofi's concert, which is to be held at Cletus Spuckler's farm. However, thanks to the person who promoted the concert, it ends up packed and begins to rain causing all the babies diapers to become wet. Soon, a riot ensues with the babies referred to as "Tot Offensive".
 In a response to the disaster, all of the childless adults of Springfield, outraged at paying high taxes for the damages the babies have caused are revolted. Lindsey Naegle arrives to form an anti-youth group named "Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples And Teens And Gays Against Parasitic Parents" (SSCCATAGAPP) to lobby and deprive Springfield of all child-friendly things. Lindsay's group goes successfully at first; the Squeaky-Voiced Teen goes as far as to lose his squeaky voice "to become a man".
 A furious Marge lobbies to get an initiative: "Families Come First", as she lobbies "Proud Parents Against Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples and Teens and Gays" (PPASSCCATAG). Her lobbying efforts do poorly at first, but fair support grows after Mr. Burns loans his signature on Marge's petition because he cares about children (or, more correctly, their "supple young organs").
 Other Springfield residents follow with him and Marge, and the proposition (Proposition 242) gets on the ballot. Homer tries to help with the campaign but screws up badly on the campaign advertisement and the bumper stickers which he never handed out. Bart and Lisa soon concoct a plan. When everyone goes to the voting polls, they are stopped in their tracks by the infectious hugs of children. All opposition to Proposition 242 falters, staggers, and Lindsay's group finally collapses. After Proposition 242 wins, Homer leaves the kids at an R-rated movie without supervision whilst he and Marge go someplace nice.
