 Homer and Marge are scheduled to do a singing toast at the wedding of Homer's cousin Valerie, causing Marge to become nervous, due to her fear of embarrassment. However, Homer tells her not to worry, saying that he will make sure they do not mess up. Homer gets a fortune cookie stating that today will be his lucky day, but he does not believe so. However, he starts to believe it is when he crashes into a vending machine causing all of the snacks to fall out on him, and finding his favorite CD. He then goes to the Kwik-E-Mart for a lottery ticket, even though he has to go to the wedding and sing Potato, Potato with Marge. After a long time of waiting, Homer gets his lottery ticket, but the wedding has ended, with a terribly embarrassed Marge. When he takes his eyes off the road for a second, he drives off the mountain road, narrowly missing Ricardo Bomba, who is driving on the road. However, when Bomba is looking away, he crashes into the cliff, presumably killed. Homer wakes up in the hospital after the crash, and realizes he won the million dollar lottery. Homer does not want Marge to understand he missed the wedding to get a lottery ticket, he has Barney pose as the winner, giving Homer the money. Not wanting Marge to realized he won the money, he drops activities his family wants in different places. However, when Homer tries to get money out of the tree he hid it in, Bart discovers that he won the lottery, and tells Homer that if he does not do what he asks, he will tell Marge that he went to the Kwik-E-Mart instead of the wedding. Tired of being Bart's slave, Homer plans to tell Marge himself and get it over with. Taking Marge on a hot-air balloon, he reveals he won the lottery, causing Marge to become very glad, until he tells her he spent it all, leaving them poor as usual. However, Marge does not care, saying they have each other. They then sing the song they were supposed to sing at the wedding together, off in the sunset. Meanwhile, Lisa discovers that the senior citizens at Grampa's nursing home do not have any entertainment, she plans to buy them a digital TV converter. However, while at the store to buy it, she discovers Mr. Burns feeling very happy playing Funtendo Zii Sports, she plans to buy this for the senior citizens, hoping they will feel younger and happier. When playing the Zii, the senior citizens feel very happy and feel younger. But however, the nurses at the home have to work extra hard after their exercise, prompting them to wash the Zii in the dishwasher, causing it to get damaged, and the senior citizens turn back into their boring and mindless selves like before. 