 Bart and Milhouse are thrilled to hear that a film version of their favorite comic book, Radioactive Man , is coming soon. Rainier Wolfcastle , the star of the McBain films, is chosen to play Radioactive Man, and even more excitingly for the Springfield Elementary School children, the production moves to their town after seeing a small poorly spelled advertisement in Variety Magazine. A search is launched for a young actor to play Radioactive Man's sidekick Fallout Boy, and Bart auditions. Bart does well, but is rejected because he is an inch too short. Bart leaves and acquires platform shoes and a vertical stripe suit (among other attempts to look taller), but by this point, Milhouse has already taken the part, albeit reluctantly, and his parents forced Milhouse to be an actor. Kirk and Luann immediately begin purchasing expensive objects when Milhouse becomes an actor.  Bart is told by Lisa that he is still needed as a star's friend and confidant, and Bart eagerly accepts this new role. However, Milhouse finds his own job intolerable and disappears during the filming of the most expensive scene in the movie. The film is suspended while the townspeople search for Milhouse. Eventually, Bart finds him in the treehouse. Bart tells Milhouse that he will be a hero, but Milhouse retorts that the real heroes are the people fighting heart disease and global hunger. Bart scoffs at this, saying that those 'loser' real heroes aren't winning their fights, and to find heroes that actually accomplish something, you have to turn to action movies. Despite this and encouragement from former child star Mickey Rooney, Milhouse gives up on his acting career. Mickey tried to take over as the new Fallout Boy, but all production on the film is aborted, with the project going bankrupt thanks to price gouging and other unscrupulous conduct by the people of Springfield (i.e. Mayor Quimby inventing new taxes on the fly to take every red cent they have). Due to the town's misbehavior, the film would never come into fruition. Mickey scolds them for doing this. However, Mayor Quimby and the others refuse to give the money back. The directors then return to Hollywood, "where people treat each other right." 