 In honor of the 138th episode of "The Simpsons", Troy McClure hosts a Simpsons TV special looking back at the history of the show. The opening has "I Will Only Do This Once A Year" as a chalkboard gag and the couch gags from "A Streetcar Named Marge" (also used in "Last Exit to Springfield"), "Lisa The Beauty Queen" (also used in "Duffless"), "Marge vs. the Monorail", "Homer's Triple Bypass" (also used in "Marge in Chains") "Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk" (also used in "The Otto Show"), "Homer Goes To College" (also used in "Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy"), "A Star Is Burns" (also used in "'Round Springfield"), "Homer The Great" (also used in "The PTA Disbands"), "Homer Badman" (also used in "Two Dozen and One Greyhounds"), "Lisa's Rival" (also used in "Bart vs. Australia"), "Bart's Comet" (also used in "Lemon of Troy") and "Lisa's First Word" (also used in "The Front", "Cape Feare" and "Fear Of Flying"). The first act is composed of various Tracey Ullman shorts, like "Good Night", "The Perfect Crime", "Space Patrol", "World War III" (in 1987) and "Bathtime" in 1989. Troy also has a "talk" with the "real" Matt Groening. Mr. Groening declines the interview by shooting out the camera with a .357 magnum or .44 caliber revolver. His attorneys bring Troy a note, telling him that Mr. Groening can't create a Simpson episode on his own and some of his animators did so to help him create it. Next, Troy answers some viewer mail. One person asks what's the deal with Smithers. The answer is Smithers being Mr. Burns' assistant and his alleged homosexuality and someone else asks if Homer is getting dumber each season from Season 2 to Season 6. The final act promotes a deleted scenes reel, in episodes such as "Krusty Gets Kancelled", $pringfield, Homer and Apu and Burns' Heir. The alternate ending to Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part Two) is also shown, which reveals Smithers is the shooter. There are also unaired scenes involving Barney, Tito Puente, Moe, Apu and Santa's Little Helper shooting Mr. Burns each with different guns. To finish the episode, Troy shows everyone "what they all wanted to see, hardcore nudity!" which shows some nudity from the other episodes (mostly from the front and censored in a way) as well as the times when someone (mostly Bart) pulls down their pants to "moon" somebody. 