 Homer is at Moe's and hardly anyone is there, so he and Moe go to the bowling alley and decides he wants to do something that he won't fail at, so gets Moe, Apu and Otto to form a bowling team for the league, but they need $500. Homer goes to Mr. Burns' office just when he got an overdose of ether; and Burns hallucinates Homer as Pop N' Fresh and gives him all the money he needs. In the bowling league, the "Pin Pals" are crushing the competition, giving Homer and the others a huge step toward the trophy, but when Burns realizes he's given money away, he takes his anger out on the team by joining it. Meanwhile, Bart wears a shirt with a "Down With Homework" design (note it had a broken pencil with the slogan) on it that he got from a MAD Magazine to school, which completely shocks his teachers including Skinner  and the kids start to make a big mess and have fun. Several days later, Skinner is on the assembly stage telling all the students about the Down With Homework incident and that he required every student (including Bart) is forced to wear uniforms then all the students turn towards Bart as a bunch of scrunched up pieces of paper and a shoe get thrown at him suddenly Martin comes out wearing the boys uniform with one of the teachers saying that he looks even smarter wearing it, then Lisa who is wearing the girls uniform and the bunch of scrunched up papers and the shoe gets thrown at her as well. Suddenly the uniforms arrive with extra small or extra large when Skinner gets informed they ran out of extra large. Later when all the students are having recess,  Superintendent Chalmers arrives, rain starts pouring down and the non-colorfast uniforms turn vibrant tie dye colors. The kids then freak out and start having fun again when Jimbo  says "Down With Homework!" again and Martin says spinning on one foot while holding his uniform shirt "And Down With Uniforms!". Skinner runs off after remembering that he got the uniforms from the same place he got his mother's dress, and his mother is outside at the park right now. Chalmers follows soon after not wanting to miss it. Homer, Moe and Apu are upset that Burns costs them every game they play and make Homer tell Burns he is off the team, but they have a change of heart when he gets them new uniforms. The team then play the Holy Rollers, a team of members of the church, in the championship game. In a bizarre turn of events, Burns wins the game for the team, but he takes the trophy for all himself. Homer doesn't stand for this, and breaks into the mansion to steal it as his teammates watch. Homer gets mauled by the guard dogs and his team runs off as he continues to be mauled. 