 Evergreen Terrace holds a garage sale. As Homer dances on the tables advertising all of the junk, there is a diversion: the empty house opposite from the Simpson home is being moved into. It is occupied by former President George Bush with his wife Barbara, much to Homer's dismay. After Ned Flanders and his family came over to visit the Bushes and George takes a liking to Ned, Bart plans to visit, and Barbara takes a liking to him: However, Bart's habit of calling adults by their first names and his overall annoying attitude does not do much for George. Eventually, after Bart accidentally shreds George's newly typed memoirs, the former President takes Bart across his knee and smacks him. Homer is outraged after discovering that George has spanked Bart (since he and Marge don't believe spanking is a suitable punishment) and confronts George, telling him to apologize to Homer. Both men vow to cause trouble for each other, despite that Barbara suggests to George that he should offer an apology to Homer. Homer sends bottle-rockets at George's bedroom window. George puts up an anti-Bart-n'-Homer banner, which confuses everyone else so that doesn't last long. Homer then glues a rainbow afro wig on his opponent's head just before he is to give an important speech to a local club after Homer placed cardboard cutouts of his sons, George Walker and Jeb on his front yard to trick him. George retaliates by chewing up the Simpsons' lawn with his car. Despite Barbara asking her husband to apologize, the confrontations continue. Homer and Bart are just making their way through the sewers to release locusts in George’s house, but he spots them and climbs down to fight. Finally, after pressure from Barbara, George apologizes, but sells the house as the neighborhood clearly brought out the worst in him as the couple leaves Springfield for good. The vacated house is immediately purchased by another former President Gerald Ford, who invites Homer to watch a football game with him, and to enjoy some beer and nachos at his house, much to Homer's delight. While walking across the street, they trip on the sidewalk curb and fall over, both shouting "D'oh!" in the process. 