  In a CGI short known as "The Sweets Hereafter", it is Halloween night in Springfield as trick or treating is going on, and a bowl of candy is in front of a house. Suddenly, the candy comes to life, where Barterfinger is afraid that someone might take him, but Marge Bar comforts him and tells him not to worry, because he is always the last one to be taken. Oh Homer! tells Barterfinger that even the boxes of stale raisins get taken before him, but mistakes Barterfinger's name for "Butterfinger".
 As Nelson's Crunch and Kirkish Taffy get taken, Apple Lisa discovers that no trick or treating kid would ever want the apple, because they must be frightened that there is a razor blade in it. Barterfinger understands (ironically) that is the reason, and Marge Bar tells Apple Lisa that maybe she will be dipped in caramel, which makes Apple Lisa bored at the fact. Suddenly, Shauna reaches for the candy, but Oh Homer! avoids getting taken by letting Senior Mints get taken instead, and asks Oh Homer! where is he going. Oh Homer! tells Senior Mints that he is going to heaven.
 As Senior Mints gets taken by Shauna, Oh Homer! tells Senior Mints that change is always hard. Shauna then opens up the box of Senior Mints and starts to eat them down her throat, to which Senior Mints freaks out due to her cigarette breath.
 The next day, as the owners of the house are taking down their Halloween decorations, the bowl of candy is now almost empty and now the Simpson family are the only ones left in the bowl. One of the tenants grabs the bowl, and while walking with it to a high shelf, Marge Bar tells the rest of her family that they pulled through the night, much to their surprise.
 After the bowl is placed onto a higher shelf, a chocolate Easter bunny tells the family that they are on a high shelf where people will forget about them forever, just like himself. As the bunny sadly asks himself why no one wants him, Oh Homer! comforts him, takes a piece of the bunny's ears, and eats it. Marge Bar tells him not to do that but he tells her to not be silly because chocolate doesn't feel anything and takes another piece of the bunny, much to the bunny's horror. Apple Lisa declares that she can't listen to the bunny's agony, so Oh Homer! eats the bunny's mouth off to silence it.
 Eventually, the Simpsons choose to eat the rest of the chocolate Easter bunny themselves. The camera then pans to the wall, where it has the words "The Simpsons Easter Special" (written with Peeps, jelly beans and other treats). Due to the Simpsons' eating the bunny, the chocolate splatters onto the wall, thus covering up the words, followed by some dark chocolate to spell out "Treehouse of Horror XXVIII" over the milk chocolate.
