 After the title screen, it cuts right to the episode, which begins with a traffic jam showing the commuters on their way to work. The drivers get out of their cars and begin to sing about how terrible Springfield is. When the song is done, a giant finger crushes all of the cars in the traffic jam. (A clear reference to The Simpsons: Tapped Out.) Lenny, seemingly, is the only person alive after this event. The scene then cuts to the Simpson family on their way to a STEM conference, where Lisa meets Brendan Beiderbecke, a boy who is proficient with the piano, and falls in love with him. She then finds out that he will go to her school. Meanwhile, Bart meets a chemist who shows him a chemical reaction that results with a little explosion. Bart then becomes very interested with chemistry. The next day, Lisa gives Brendan a tour of the school, where they meet Nelson. Meanwhile, Bart and Milhouse learn how to make ¨elephant toothpaste¨ from a German chemist. Later, Bart tries the test again on his tree-house with Milhouse where they turn the leaves of the tree into rock candy after Homer and Marge exit the yard. The bullies are overthrown by Brendan, including Lisa's ex-lover Nelson, who tries to impress her musically at Phineas Q. Butterfat's Ice Cream Parlor, starting a conflict in her heart. Homer and Marge get worried over Bart, however he seems to be doing good for once, but an accident at school is somehow linked to him. The family goes to the school talent show, where Bart will present his chemistry demonstration, while Nelson and Brendan perform. Nelson is booed all the way through while Brendan does well. However, he is disqualified for living in West Springfield and is going to be transferred to a school there. Lisa becomes lonesome, while Bart fills the school with a chemistry reaction. In the final scene at the talent show's after-party, Marge apologizes to the viewers stating that this episode was supposed to parody Moonlight, not La La Land. Homer claims that no one there has seen Moonlight. When Marge offers to show him the movie as they have the DVD video, Homer proclaims that he would rather see X-Men: Apocalypse which everyone in the background is interested in watching. 