 Full Story source Link to Wikisimpsons' copyright Some changes have been made. After watching a superhero movie, and, on Bart and Lisa's insistent request, staying after the credits for the middle and post-credit sequences, the Simpson family drives home from Capital City, and Homer and Marge start narrating the story of how they lived there before getting married, and as soon as they observe their old apartment, invite the kids to visit it. They meet the new owners of the accommodation, who gives Marge their mail, where Marge discovers that pacifiers are choking hazards. After having her removed, Maggie starts picking outlet pads in the wall to substitute it. When she grabs a rat, Marge gives the perfume dispenser back to her. Marge and Homer continue to tell their story to the couple, explaining how Marge was a photographer, while Homer worked at a new company, Flashmouth. Homer and Marge went to parties, watched movies, and made out looking at the starlit sky on top of their car, then Bart came along. Their carrier went down hill, when kids and their job didn't match. Homer got canned and Marge was threatened by JJ Gruff to be replaced by Barbara "Booberella" Lelavinski if Marge didn't get a new nightlife story. By trying to make an article, Marge interviews John Baldessari, but Homer and Bart enter the gallery, after Bart drove the car on a ferry while Homer was sleeping, and started making pranks. When Marge presented the photos of it to JJ Gruff, she was fired because the journal lost their art advertisers thanks to Bart's tricks. While Marge worked she left Bart at Springfield Gymdandee. However, Bart caused trouble there which got him banned from there, and they brought their problems to the Church. The solution that Reverend Lovejoy proposed was to have a second child, and Lisa was born. What they demonstrated to the couple was too terrible that the soon-to-be-wife left the house, but the family forces smiles to show they are greatful to have brought her back. In the last scene, the family returns to Springfield, while Lisa starts asking more stories about their past. They stop at the The Doughy Dozen Bagels to eat some bagels, Homer and Marge get to be alone, but are disturbed by the kids moving around in the car, while Grampa watches them. 