 While the Simpsons are eating pork chops, a solar eclipse occurs. Marge, Maggie, Lisa and Bart go outdoors to watch it, but Homer refuses to leave the dining room. Irritated with Homer for not watching the eclipse, Marge wants him to go on a date night with her the next day. After a romantic evening, Homer and Marge return home and prepare to have sex, but they are interrupted by a visit from Ned Flanders, who asks for advice; he has been forced to close down the Leftorium and is now out of a job. Homer suggests that Ned apply for job at the Nuclear Plant's human resources division, while his sons Rod and Todd stay with the Simpsons. However, Todd begins to irritate Lisa, and Flander's heavy handed methods at the Plant similarly irritate homer and the other employees. That evening, Homer prays for Ned to be fired, which occurs the next day after Flanders suggests that Mr Burns give money to charity. He is soon hired by Springfield Harbor Cruises to be a dance instructor, but his use of the Bible as a guids to dancing leads to him losing this job as well. He is then hired by Rolling Stone Magazine, but is fired again for shaving hair off all members of The Rolling Stones. Afterwards, he attempted to sell bibles with his own Bible stand, but is dwindled by an adjacent Koran stand, leaving him no choice but to become unemployed. After Marge suggests that he follow in Jesus's footsteps as a teacher, Flanders eventually gets a job at Springfield Elementary as a substitute teacher. Initially, he feels pressured by all of the disobedient students, particularly with Nelson running the entire plan to ruin Flanders' job. He resigns after Bart spits a spitball onto his mustache, after he was peer-pressured by Nelson. As Bart feels regretful for his actions, he and Homer go to Moe's to discuss Flander's ruined life. Eventually, Bart comes up with an idea; he and Homer go to Flanders' house to apologize for ruining his chances at teaching and to convince him to give it another chance. Ned is hesitant at first, but Bart encourages him to continue teaching in the memory of his late wife, Edna Krabappel. With the help of a few gadgets, Bart and Ned intimidate the students into behaving by pulling several tricks and disguising them as acts of God. With his confidence restored, Ned thanks Bart for his help. 