  Whilst Mr. Burns goes shopping he finds a penny in a water fountain and reaches in to grab it; while doing so he falls in. The rushing water nearly drowns him, but Homer arrives and pulls him out of the water, saving Burns' life. To reward him, Burns offers to take Homer out to dinner. Homer says he likes Chicago deep dish pizza, so Burns takes him to Chicago on his private plane. On the plane, Homer is treated with stylish comfort and gets serenaded by Lionel Richie.
 After returning from Chicago, Homer tells Marge that he is tired of being a normal person and becomes depressed. Marge chooses to help Homer and hires him a life coach named Colby Kraus, who will help with Homer's dream. Colby starts right away in his treatment with Homer by videotaping his every move. At the bowling alley and after watching Homer’s daily habits for a few days, Colby realizes that bowling is the one thing Homer is good at and enjoys doing. He instructs Homer to wear his bowling shoes everywhere he goes to help instill confidence in everything he does. The bowling shoes work, Homer becomes a new man, and as a result he receives numerous new job offers. Homer chooses to only go for an interview at Handyman’s Choice Copper Tubing due to the fact that he would be required to fly in the company jet as part of his new job.
 However, the Rich Texan does not hire him, but Homer gives false information to his family and pretends to go to work every day, although he is actually just going to the local Krusty Burger. The next day, Bart's class stops at the Krusty Burger after a field trip and Bart is suprised is discover Homer sitting at a booth alone. Homer comes clean and explains to Bart that his job interview didn’t go well when his interviewer, the Rich Texan, discovered that Homer realizes nothing about copper tubing. Bart convinces Homer that he should tell Marge what has happened and Homer calls her from a pay phone. But when Homer hears Marge’s happy voice he can’t bring himself disappoint her and tell her the truth about his "new" job. Instead he concocts a story about him having to fly on the “company” jet for work and instructs Marge to meet him at the airport in an hour. Homer pays a Marine to fly him into the air, so he can tell Marge up in the air with luxury so she would not get upset. Once in the air, Marge can’t believe all the luxuries the private jet has to offer. Homer sits Marge down to tell her the truth, but just before he can, the plane endures turbulence. Homer and Marge head into the cockpit to see what the problem is, only to discover that the pilot had passed out. Homer shoves the pilot aside and takes hold of the jet’s controls. Marge pulls out her cell phone and calls Colby Kraus and frantically asks for his guidance. Thanks to Colby's motivation (him telling Homer that he heard that someone thinks he can't land the plane), Homer manages to land the plane and safely on the ground. When they land, Homer explains to Marge that flying in private jets is simply too dangerous and that he plans to go back to work at the Power Plant.
