  In a parody of the original Frankenstein film, Marge warns viewers that the following program (The Simpsons) may give their children nightmares, so she suggests the adults to "tuck your children into bed tonight instead of writing us angry letters tomorrow." The show then begins.
 When Homer comes back from trick-or-treating, he notices Bart and Lisa are telling ghost stories (while Maggie watches) in Bart's treehouse. He climbs up and eavesdrops while Bart comments on Lisa's first story. Bart begins telling his own story called: Bad Dream House.
 In a parody of The Amityville Horror, the Simpsons move into a new home at a great price. Lisa and Marge are scared there is an evil presence lurking in the house, though Homer says there is nothing to worry about, despite there being a vortex in the kitchen. Homer throws an orange into the vortex, although the ones who live in the vortex throw it out with a note that asks them not to throw in stuff. Bart is then strangled by a lamp cord as the house threatens the family to leave, hurling Homer up to the ceiling.
 When everyone tries to settle into sleep, the house brainwashes everyone to kill each other. Luckily, they prevent what they are doing, thanks to Marge not being brainwashed. The family then finds out there is an ancient Indian burial ground in the cellar. Suddenly, the house threatens them that they will perish horribly. Marge becomes outraged and yells at the house to shut up and show them some manners, and after a few moments, hurt by Marge's words, it complies. After harassment by Bart and Lisa, Marge explains that since they are living in the house, the house is going to have to accept this. The house asks them to leave for a moment as it chooses what to do. The estate determines that it would rather die than live with the Simpsons, and the house implodes into nothingness, which is a nod to Poltergeist (1982). Lisa implies that the house's self-destruction cannot help but cause her some guilt.
 In a parody of the 1950 story by Damon Knight from Galaxy Science Fiction (and its 1962 Twilight Zone episode adaptation) titled To Serve Man, the Simpsons are having a barbecue in their backyard until an alien spaceship suddenly abducts them. When they arrive on the ship, they meet Kang, Kodos, and Serak the Preparer, who treat the Simpsons extremely well by giving them countless amounts of food to hold them over until "the great feast at Rigel 4." These three aliens call themselves Rigellians.
 After the family is weighed on a giant scale and the Rigellians constantly make references to food, Lisa becomes suspicious and thus thinks to herself about the aliens' true motives. One night, she wanders around the spaceship and heads into the aliens' kitchen, when the chef Serak cooks something to "give the humans the perfect flavor"
 After he leaves the room, Lisa grabs the book called "How to Cook Humans", runs to her family and accuses the Rigellians of feeding them all up to eat the humans. However, it is then revealed that Lisa did not see the whole title of the book, which is actually called "How to Cook for Forty Humans". The Rigellians feel sad, disappointed, and angry at the family, so they send the family back home to live the life of "not gods, but normal human beings". Then, Lisa speculates that they, the Simpson family, may be the true monsters after all while the family blames Lisa for her actions.
 In a parody of the Edgar Allan Poe's classic poem, "The Raven", The Raven Narrator (Homer) reads a book to forget the lost lover of his, Lenore (Marge). He hears a knock, but there is no one in front of the door. Knocking goes on and he finds out it is a raven (Bart) behind the window. As he opens it, the raven flies into the room, sits on the bust of Pallas above the door and says "Eat my shorts" (actually said by Bart,whom is interrupted by Lisa telling him that the raven says Nevermore and nothing else). But as the story continues, the raven keeps on repeating "Nevermore", driving the narrator crazy. He tries to catch the raven, only to provoke it to drop books on him. At the end, the mad narrator lies in the center of the room, surrounded by books, and the raven laughs.
 Later, as the whole episode comes to a close, Bart and Lisa consider the three scary tales not scary at all, especially "The Raven" story. Lisa says that stories like "The Raven" were written many years ago and people were probably easy to scare back then. Bart agrees saying how even old movies like Friday the Thirteenth Part I are not scary by today's standards. They decide to return home and go to bed, unaware that Homer was eavesdropping and is freaked out by all of the stories. Everyone suddenly goes to bed, but Homer has trouble sleeping on this Halloween night. He hears and sees the Raven staring at him right outside his bedroom window. Declaring that he "hates Halloween", he tucks himself in.
