  Bart and Lisa go fishing barefoot, downstream of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant and The Springfield Shopper reporter Dave Shutton pulls up just as Bart catches a three-eyed fish (later dubbed "Blinky"). From the resulting publicity the governor, Mary Bailey, calls for an investigation of the power plant and its owner, Montgomery Burns.
 After an inspection, Mr. Burns is presented with a list of 342 violations, which would cost over $56 million to rectify ($56,088,800 in Smithers's calculator). Distraught, Burns talks to under-performing employee Homer, who halfheartedly suggests that Burns run for Governor, which would give him more power to halt the charges against him. Burns immediately decides to start a campaign.  
 Marge Burns' political advisers break the news to Burns that he is not well liked and force Burns to try being friendly and even smile. Burns also does a TV commercial while discussing Blinky, with an actor portraying Charles Darwin who claims Blinky is an evolutionary miracle. Burns closes the ad with a claim that a fish like Blinky will be a tasty meal. Combined with a smear campaign against Mary Bailey, Burns eventually ends up tying with Bailey in the polls.
 As election day approaches, Smithers and his other advisers suggest that Burns have dinner with a worker from the plant as an opportunity to have Burns appear to be in touch with an average American family. The Simpsons are chosen as the family to host said dinner. Marge is upset with Homer for allowing Burns to come over for dinner and use their family as tool for election night, claiming she, "doesn't want to snuggle with anybody who's not letting her express herself." Homer insists that Marge does get to express herself through the way she takes care of the house and the meals she serves to the family. Upon hearing Homer's argument, Marge reconsiders and comes up with an idea on how to deal with Burns.
 The following night, as the family is prepared for the dinner, Burns' campaign team gives the Simpsons padded questions to ask Mr. Burns on camera, questions he won't have any problem answering. Once he arrives, Mr. Burns answers all of the pre-written questions with ease and rails about his primary campaign promise of lowering taxes across the state. His adviser whispers to him that it has put him a few points ahead of Bailey in the polls and suggests he's clinched the election. After Lisa finishes with her question, one that she calls "inane", she walks into the kitchen and sulks to Marge about how they've essentially become the tools of evil. Marge tells Lisa, that she's "learning a lot that night, and one of those things is to always give your mother the benefit of the doubt." 
 Marge brings out the main course for dinner: it is Blinky. Burns is suddenly flustered, but hands his plate over to Marge, who serves him Blinky's head. Mr. Burns looks to his campaign team at the back of the room and sees his adviser gesturing him to eat it and pretend he's enjoying it. Burns takes a forkful and moments after he begins chewing it, he spits it across the table. The cameras flash as the piece flies through the air, the press rushes out of the house to report the incident and his gubernatorial campaign is over by the time the chunk lands on the floor.
 When the latest polls indicate that public confidence in Burns has sunk to rock bottom, Burns turns to his campaign team in pure desperation, claiming that there must be something that can be done. However, his campaign team knows he's finished and they all decide to throw in the towel and leave. Infuriated by coming so close to achieving victory, Burns trashes the family room (with Smithers overturning the things too heavy for him and even Homer joining in when ordered to by his tyrannical boss). When Lisa remarks that destroying their meager possessions isn't going to change anything, Burns hangs his head in defeat and admits that she's right, deciding to return home and destroy, "something tasteful".
 Before leaving, however, Mr. Burns turns to Homer and tells him that he will dedicate the rest of his life to ensuring that Homer's dreams are never fulfilled. While going to bed, Homer is nervous and says he doesn't like the sound of Burns' threat. Nevertheless, Marge cheers him up by pointing out that when someone's dreams are just being able to snuggle with someone at night and have seconds of dessert, no single man can take that away from him and in the end the Simpson family is brought back together.
