 Homer attempts to build Marge a spice rack. While doing so, Maggie sneaks up and hits Homer on the head with a mallet. Marge is at first clueless as to why Maggie would do such a thing, but Maggie later sees an episode of The Itchy & Scratchy Show , a cartoon which is understood for its violence and tries to stab Homer with a pencil. Marge immediately blames the show for Maggie 's actions and bans Bart and Lisa from watching the show as well. Despite the ban, Bart and Lisa still manage to watch Itchy & Scratchy at their friends' houses. Marge writes a letter to the producers of the show asking them to tone down their violence and in response, Roger Meyers, Jr. (the CEO of Itchy & Scratchy International) writes a letter to Marge, telling her one person can not make a difference and insults her, and Marge plans to teach them a lesson. Marge forms an  angry mob known as " Springfieldians for Nonviolence, Understanding, and Helping" (SNUH) and forces the family to picket outside the Itchy & Scratchy Studios. Unknown to her, Bart and Lisa have been sneaking off to their friends' houses to watch the shows, under the guise of 'playing sports' or 'making the most of their childhood years'. Marge's protest gains momentum and soon more people join the group and even start to picket The Krusty the Clown Show , on which Itchy & Scratchy is shown. Marge appears on Kent Brockman 's show, Smartline , where she confronts Roger Meyers over the violence and suggests that concerned parents send letters to Meyers. Plenty of letters to fill the mail trucks that line up down the street are sent to the studio, one letter says that the writer won't even stop if they see Meyers crossing the street. Roger Meyers admits defeat and agrees to eliminate violence in Itchy & Scratchy . Eventually after angrily consulting with Marge over the phone, the first of the new shorts is released, in which Itchy and Scratchy sit on a porch drinking lemonade making small talk. Marge finds the cartoon to be better, but Bart, Lisa, and other kids across Springfield reject the cleaned-up show. A lengthy montage follows, in which the children of Springfield go outdoors (rubbing their eyes as though they've never seen sunlight) and engage in various wholesome activities, leaving Krusty with no show. That night, Bart and Lisa talk about their various outdoor activities while Marge listens happily. After the kids are excused from dinner, Homer remarks it is good that kids are spending time outdoors and getting some fresh air and exercise. Meanwhile in Italy, the curators of Michelangelo 's David send it on a tour of the United States, with one of the stops being Springfield. The members of SNUH urge Marge to protest the sculpture, insisting that the sculpture is offensive and unsuitable. However, Marge, an artist herself, argues that the sculpture is a masterpiece. Dr. Marvin Monroe capitalizes on this hypocrisy and asks Marge how she can believe it wrong to censor one form of art but not another, to which Marge is forced to admit that she can't and admits defeat, although she remarks not all forms of free speech are fine and wishes some, like cartoon violence, would be rejected as trash. She chooses to give up her anti-cartoon violence protest. Itchy & Scratchy immediately returns to its old form and the playgrounds and backyards are now empty as kids are once again indoors glued to their TVs. Homer and Marge go to see David, which Homer expresses some admiration for, but he sees Marge looks annoyed. When he asks why, she is irked by the fact Bart and Lisa could be seeing one of the most noted masterpieces in world history but they're cooped up at home "watching a cat and mouse disembowel each other". She cheers up when Homer tells her that the school will be forcing the children to go. 