  Lisa's teacher, Miss Hoover, thinks she has come down with Lyme disease and is replaced by substitute teacher Mr. Bergstrom. Because of his unorthodox teaching methods, Lisa takes a friendly, even romantic, liking to him. Bart's class, meanwhile, prepares to elect a class president. Mrs. Krabappel nominates Martin, while Sherri and Terri nominate Bart. During a debate with Martin, Bart tells jokes that win the class over. Ms. Krabappel embarrassed by his shenanigans, quickly writes a note to Skinner for Bart to give. Later on, Marge suggests to Homer to spend more time with Lisa at a museum. Only problem is that he wants to spend his free time helping Bart with his campaign. Marge then puts her foot down and forces Homer to go regardless.
 Lisa runs into Mr. Bergstrom at a museum and is embarrassed when Homer displays his ignorance. Sensing that Lisa is missing something in her relationship with her father, Mr. Bergstrom takes Homer aside to suggest he be a more positive role model. Bergstrom also admits he sees Homer as a negligent father towards his daughter. After venting to her mother about Homer ruining her 'one chance' to get to know Bergstrom outside of the classroom, Lisa is given permission to invite him to family dinner, only to be shattered when she finds that Miss Hoover is back and Mr. Bergstrom is gone. She rushes to his apartment and finds him having left for another job. She rushes to the train station to catch him, and confesses to him that she will be lost without him. To comfort her, he writes her a note and tells her that if she ever feels alone and like she can't rely on anybody, its contents are all she needs to know. He then boards the train and departs. The note reads, "You are Lisa Simpson." Meanwhile, certain of Bart's inevitable victory thanks to his popular campaigning, none of the children in his class–including himself–actually voted, giving Martin the victory with just two votes: one from himself, and the other from his best friend, Wendell Borton.
 Homer Marge Maggie