  Having being forced to clean his room (after accidentally causing Homer to trip and fall down the stairs, tearing a ligerment in his back), Marge and Lisa arrive home to find an injured Homer. Marge tells Bart to clean his room. While doing so, he discovers an old cherry bomb, and chooses to flush it down the boys' restroom toilet at school in an attempt to pull a prank. This solution is unknowingly made at the same time as Principal Skinner's mother, Agnes Skinner, visits the school. Bart shows Milhouse, Lewis, and Richard the cherry bomb, and plans to flush it. When Agnes goes into the girl's restroom, Bart detonates the Cherry Bomb in the boys' restroom, not understanding that Agnes is in the other stall, and gets thrown off her seat caused by the toilets' gushing.
 Shortly afterwards, Principal Skinner arrives at the Simpsons' house with Bart in tow. Skinner explains that the incident has 'transcended incorrigible.' Feeling that detention, suspension or expulsion won't do, he suggests deportation. The idea shocks Marge, but Skinner explains his plan: In order to be rid of him, Skinner proposes to the Simpsons that Bart should participate in a foreign exchange program. Bart is sent to France, whereas the Simpsons host a student from Albania named Adil Hoxha.
 Cesar Ugolin donkey Back in the States, Adil is enjoying the comfortable residence of the Simpsons which is in stark contrast to the horrid conditions Bart is living in. Adil is very appreciative and helps out the Simpsons with their chores, pleasing Homer, who is relieved to be rid of Bart and his lousy attitude. However, it is revealed Adil is actually a spy who is after nuclear secrets, which he intends to obtain from Homer. Homer is happy that Adil is taking an interest in his work, and promptly shows him around the plant.
 Back in France, Bart is sent out for a case of antifreeze. As he wanders the streets, he finds a police officer, who is not fluent in English and only gives Bart a piece of candy. Bart leaves, feeling that he will never learn French, even though he has been there for two months. He then suddenly starts speaking French, and tells the officer about the child abuse and how they put the antifreeze in the wine. Cesar and Ugolin are swiftly arrested for spiking the wine with antifreeze and treating Bart like a slave, and Bart becomes a national hero in France.
 Back in the United States, Adil is caught by the FBI and is exchanged for a boy who is an American spy caught in Albania. As Adil leaves, Bart returns, and his family is grateful to see him again. Bart has purchased gifts for the family, which Lisa dubs "His first unselfish act."
