Maggie is locked in the bathroom and eventually gets freed, thanks to Lisa, trying a rescue solution a second time ("I don't get why we only try ideas once"). The family hears the doorbell, finding Dr. Julius Hibbert, who says that the Simpsons' dog, Santa's Little Helper, had impregnated his own dog, a purebred poodle named Rosa Barks, and he gives the puppies to the Simpson family, making them their problem. However, Lisa reads The Simpsons: A Complete Guide to Our Favorite Family that says Homer had taken Santa's Little Helper to be neutered after the events of "Two Dozen and One Greyhounds," but Homer confesses that he couldn't bring himself to actually do it. Lisa and Bart, give out the puppies to people including Groundskeeper Willie, Snake Jailbird, and Krusty the Clown, who takes his new puppy for a walk to his old neighborhood.
 When Krusty returns to his old neighborhood in the Jewish community of Springfield, he sees the Jewish Walk of Fame. Krusty finds out that he doesn't have a star on the sidewalk, and goes to register for one. However, when the person Krusty goes to asks for the date of his Bar Mitzvah, Krusty confesses that he never actually had a Bar Mitzvah. The person tells him that since he never had a Bar Mitzvah, he's not really Jewish. Krusty runs into Bart and Lisa outside, and he tells them that he's just found out that he's not a "self-hating Jew," but is actually an "antisemite" (much to the delight of Rainier Wolfcastle). Bart and Lisa wonder how Krusty couldn't have had a Bar Mitzvah, especially considering that his own father is a rabbi. They go to Hyman Krustofsky to ask why Krusty never had a Bar Mitzvah, and Hyman reveals that it was because he was afraid that Krusty would make a mockery of the whole ceremony. Lisa points out that Krusty can still have his Bar Mitzvah as an adult, as there's nothing in Judaism that forbids it. Rabbi Krustofsky agrees to help his son reach his goal, teaching him all about Judaism. With this happening, Krusty can't do shows on Saturdays (the Sabbath day for Jews); therefore, he must seek a replacement, and gets Homer to replace him for the day. Homer's replacement show is a talk show, featuring Moe, Lenny (later replaced by Barney and then Disco Stu), and Carl as panelists. The show becomes a success in its own right; meanwhile, Krusty continues to learn his Jewish traditions.
 Homer's show is a surprising success, so much so that Krusty's show is eventually cancelled by Channel 6. Lisa suggests that Homer put his power to good use, but ironically, ratings decline and Homer's show is also cancelled thanks to Lisa's suggestion. Krusty, after being fired by Channel 6, pitches his Bar Mitzvah to the Fox network (knowing that they'll "take chances on crap"). When his Bar Mitzvah ("Krusty the Klown's Wet 'n' Wild Bar Mitzvah"), featuring Mr. T as a guest, airs, it becomes a ratings smash, but the spectacle disappoints his father. Krusty feels guilty, and after the show, he tells his dad that he wants to have a real Bar Mitzvah the traditional way at a Jewish temple. The episode finishes with Krusty having an (almost) serious Bar Mitzvah in a synagogue.
