  Homer lazily enjoys his latest mid-afternoon nap outside, when the winds begin to pick up. Lisa consults her weather instruments and a question-and-answer book and finds out a hurricane will soon strike Springfield as she alerts Homer that a hurricane is coming. Panicked residents quickly gather supplies and food at the Kwik-E-Mart, but Ned remains calm as the main storm approaches, having fitted his home with a large tent like guard to keep it hunkered down.
 As the bad weather hits, and various hurricane-related gags play out throughout Springfield, the Simpsons do their best at family bonding in the basement. Eventually, the storm finally passes, and everyone is overjoyed that the hurricane caused absolutely no damage to their home, or seemingly anyone else's home. However, next door to the Simpson house, the Flanders family has gone through serious trouble; Ned's house is the only one that has been totally destroyed as Ned and his family emerge from the rubble.
 Ned is relieved that his family escaped serious injury, but that is of little solace since he doesn't have homeowner's insurance (having considered insurance "gambling") and all they have left are their tombstones. The Flanders family is forced to move into the church basement with Rod and Todd getting new clothes from the donation bin. There, he watches news accounts of the storm's aftermath, and is further discouraged when footage is shown of the Leftorium, cleaned out by looters after Maude tells Ned it has been a hard day for him, but the Leftorium will still be in business. Seeking answers from God, Maude and Rev. Lovejoy attempt to reassure Ned that matters will work out good. He tries to find solace in the Bible, but all he gets is a paper cut. He tries asking God directly why he is being punished when he is done everything the bible said (even the stuff that contradicts the other stuff) and also mentions that he has always been nice to people and he doesn't drink, dance or swear and even kept kosher. He thinks that he is coming apart and that he wants to yell out and that he can't do it, but doesn't get an answer.
 The next day after the hurricane, in an attempt to show their community spirit and friendship, Marge commissions everyone in Springfield to rebuild the Flanders' home with Marge taking Ned and his family to the newly-rebuilt Flanders' house after Marge tells the Flanders family that they got to come back to their house and that something incredible has happened and Ned sarcastically asks if the rubble have burned down and Marge tells the family no and to come on as Ned becomes amazed that his house is now rebuilt. The job is completed in record time, and Ned is overjoyed - that is, until he inspects their workmanship, which turns out to be (at best) shoddy; for example, some of the floor is made of dirt as Moe remarks that they were out of tiled floor, so they painted the ground to make it look like tilewood floor, there is too much electricity in the living room, there is a lot of loose nails sticking out in the walls, the toilet is in the kitchen where Chief Wiggum tells Ned about lugging up a toilet up the stairs, the boys' bedroom has a crack in the wall with a Krusty the Clown poster which Rod doesn't like and takes down with Bart suggesting to not have the poster removed and the door to the main bedroom is too small as Ned thinks that there is something wrong with the hallway and it's only the right size to accommodate a cat at best and even Barney is able to fit in the main bedroom with the small door and Ned tells Homer that he has seen enough. After this, the two leave the house, and when Homer asks how much Ned likes the house that "love" built, the building promptly collapses. Overwhelmed and nervous, Ned tries to clean his glasses, but they break much to his dismay.
 Ned puts his glasses back on and despite the best efforts of his neighbours and townspeople, it's pretty obvious that he's at his wit's end. Ned desperately tries to calm himself down by reminding himself that the people did their best and telling himself that he has to be nice as hostility isn't the answer. As he speaks, however, his words start to become more and more slurred as he is unable to control his emotions.
 Finally, it becomes too much for him and something totally unexpected happens, Ned is unable to control his emotions and finally snaps, angrily screaming "AW HELL-DIDDILY-DING DONG CRAP! CAN'T YOU MORONS DO ANYTHING RIGHT?!", shocking the entire crowd.
 In the aftermath, certain members of the crowd speak out against him or catch his attention, prompting Ned to turn upon them and rant at them specifically:
