  When the announcements for the Nobel Prize winners is broadcasted early in the morning, about 4:00 AM, Homer comes down and asks why Lisa and some of her pals and Bart's friends are still up. It turns out that Krusty has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. At the announcement in front of Springfield Town Hall, Mayor Quimby announces to the rest of the town that Krusty has won. As Krusty cracks jokes, Homer is the only one who laughs at them. Krusty then takes Homer to his limousine. In the motorcade, Krusty tells Homer that he wants to be accompanied to Oslo, Norway for collecting the prize because Homer always laughs at Krusty's jokes. Homer asks if he can take Bart along, to which Krusty agrees.
 As they board Peace Prize One, Lisa becomes miserable because she never goes anywhere fun. Marge then doesn't go back home but instead takes Lisa to Expressions, a performing arts camp run by counselors Kurt Hardwick and Ethan Ballantyne. Here, she meets fellow campers Amber Riley, Lea Michele and Cory Monteith. They instantly get along through the song.
 As the plane lands, Krusty, Homer and Bart get off to find that they are not in Oslo at all but they were in  Hague,  Netherlands. A Dutch policeman tells them that Krusty is to be arrested and tried at the International Court of Justice for his bad behavior in Western Europe. The only way for him to be liberated was if there is evidence suggesting that Krusty has helped Western culture. Homer and Bart search for the evidence.
 Lisa really loves life in Expressions. They sing a lot of songs and even had Stephen Hawking join in. Marge eventually comes to the camp and tells Lisa that her time is over. Lisa looks through her camera at all of the photos to realize that Marge was right and it has been a week. Then they go home.
 Bart and Homer desperately search for evidence on the internet and only discover Krusty's bad behavior. They then find something they feel would get Krusty free. At the courthouse, they show the evidence that Krusty inadvertently helped out in one of his bad moods, by telling the band to play vuvuzelas which led to Nelson Mandela being liberated. Krusty is then given his freedom.
 Meanwhile, Lisa travels to Sprooklyn to find Ethan and Kurt, thinking that it was the glamorous place the boys thought the location turned out to be. Instead, she finds a place full of vandalism, falling down buildings and tramps. She finds Kurt's flat, 652 8th Avenue, and finds that it is a run down place, too. It turns out that they work in the sandwich shop, Sprubway, and that they are low on money as artists don't get a lot. They then sing Lisa a song with a message opposite to their previous one, about how artists aren't important and tell her not to be one. Lisa eventually calls Marge for a ride back to Springfield as she agrees of hating Sprooklyn.
 Marge picks Lisa up outside Dregs, where musicians can play music. Kurt and Ethan reveal that they have left Lisa a surprise as she departs Sprooklyn. As she takes off, one of the buildings has a mural of Lisa on with Kurt and Ethan on the roof. They ask each other how they got up there so quicky as they were outside their flat a minute prior. They then reveal to have magic powers and fly back to their job.
