 While Bart and Homer are carving pumpkins and Bart slices a smile into the seat of Homer's pants, Homer chokes him, so Bart puts a flaming pumpkin on his head. Professor Frink then introduces the show, giving a warning about the content and telling those concerned to skip forward. He skips forward too far and says that he has ruined the show for everyone. Frink then points the remote at himself until he passes away and disintegrates into a pile of dust which blows away to reveal "Treehouse of Horror XXI". The monster who was created by Frink picks up the remote and mentions The Office, where he remembers his days working at "Monster Mifflin" with the Mummy, the Wolf Man, a zombie, and a witch. This leads to a parody of the opening, set in the monsters' workplace. In a parody of Jumanji, Marge, is worried about Bart playing violent video games, encourages him and Milhouse to play the boardgames in the attic. They discover a game called Satan's Path and play it, causing all the board games to come to life in a different reality. They have to complete the games to win, which results in a game of Mouse Catch. Later, Bart chooses to only play hangman (thinking it would be safer). Then it is shown that Bart and Milhouse have been hung. In a parody of Dead Calm , Homer and Marge set sail on a second honeymoon, but they encounter a castaway, whom they rescue. Roger was a chef on the Albatross who was knocked out after trying to prevent an attempted poisoning on the ship. Having become convinced that Roger poisoned the passengers and is plotting to murder them after observing a dead shark with a pie pan in its mouth, Homer and Marge take matters into their own hands as they seemingly kill Roger and toss his body overboard. However, finding the Albatross, they realize Roger was telling the truth by finding the bottle of soy sauce that was used to knock out Roger. Roger appears again but Homer still blames him for cooking them a poisonous pie. Roger then explains that the pie was clean and the shark was killed because of fuel leaking from the couples' boat. To convince him, Homer looks through the porthole and sees a squid and other sea animals have died because of the fuel. Homer then kills Roger, and the finds out that the bankers survived because they took an antidote suspecting to be poisoned. Homer immediately kills them and a pelican, so no one will ever realize they attempted to kill Roger. This astonishes Marge and she eats the poisonous pie because she is unable to live with the guilt. Homer mourns over the loss of Marge. It would all turn out to be Maggie's imagination. Homer soon asks what Maggie thinks and Marge replies that it is sugarplums and buttercups. Then Maggie sinisterly changes into Alex DeLarge from A Clockwork Orange, while eerie music plays in the background as the screen fades out. In a parody of the Twilight book and movie series, Lisa falls in love with a mysterious new student named Edmund Dracula (Spoof of Edward Cullen). After saving Lisa from a bus and other approaching objects, Edmund reveals himself to be a vampire. Lisa is not frightened by this and the two spark a romance much to the dismay of Milhouse , who turns into a were-poodle. Marge invites Edmund and his father Dracula to dinner. Edmund and Lisa are both embarrassed by their fathers and agree to leave resulting. Marge makes Homer and Dracula track them down to a cathedral in "Dracula-la Land." Lisa wants to become a vampire but has second thoughts after learning that she would be eight years old forever. Edmund says that "the blood-lust is upon him" and he has to bite something. Edmund and his father reconcile, and Homer saves Lisa by offering himself up in her place as the two vampires feast on him. However, they both die from the bad cholesterol in Homer's blood as he is turned into a vampire. Transforming into a bat to fly home, Homer's fat causes him to fall. His body is carried off by were-poodle Milhouse while Lisa watches in dismay. Most of these elements happen in the real story, Twilight .