  The family goes to a peach farm and Bart and Lisa meet a young folk singer singing about all the peaches of the year. Bart gets ticked off and Lisa doesn't, but soon does after he sings about the fifth peach and remarks the song is never ending. Homer asks Marge how much they are getting paid to pick the peaches, but Marge says they pay them for every peach they take home, much to Homer's dismay.
 Soon Marge goes crazy with peaches, cooking up a number of peach related foods. Homer, Bart and Lisa get tired with peaches so come up with a plan to get rid of them at dinnertime. Homer tells Marge he's taking her to a spa. While there the plan starts and Bart, Lisa and Maggie go out the house to give the peaches to other people.
 Bart gives his to the bullies so they can throw them at people at a celebration, but instead they throw Bart and drive away on the carts carrying the peaches through the pavement, while Lisa finds herself in a dark scary place of Springfield starting to look like Sesame Street. She hears a rustle in a bin and thinks it is Oscar the Grouch but a racoon comes out and chases her. Lisa goes in a house and looks around it, then she hears a knock on the door and hides. An old man comes inside and hears Lisa talking crazy. He finds her in a place she didn't hide in. He asks her who she is, but Lisa says that she came here by accident. She then asks him how she got from one place to another. The old man says that the house is a house of magic and introduces himself as The Great Raymondo, an old magician.
 At home Lisa shows it to her family. Bart is angry and says Lisa can't be a magician since he's the one that bought the junior magic kit. Lisa points out that he never even opened the box, and makes him choke out kid scissors, adult scissors and hedge clippers. Homer shakes Bart upside down to see what else he's been hiding in his mouth thinking he has treasure in it.
 Soon Lisa becomes a great magician to her school and a great apprentice to Raymondo. Then Lisa finds Raymondo sad about a new magician called Cregg Demon. Later Lisa finds Raymondo's milk can escape. Raymondo finds her and trusts her to keep the secret at school. She shows the trick to everyone and meets a boy who is curious of how it happens. Lisa explains how its done. After that the boy says he tricked her and goes to his dad's car who appears to be Cregg Demon, telling him he now knows the trick. Lisa is shocked. Raymondo forces her to go away but Homer gets revenge with Raymondo after he sees how upset she is, but Raymondo traps Homer who explains to him he should act his age.
 Raymondo apologizes to Lisa and tells her they can still save the trick. That night during the trick Cregg gets trapped in the can. Raymondo refuses to save him as magicians hate to be rescued and goes in the little magicians room full of dwarf magicians.
 Soon Lisa performs another show with only a jealous Bart not watching while plays a video game saying to his parents:"Tell me when she falls." Lisa magically turns Bart's head into Milhouse's head, who says "Abracamilhouse".
 Raymondo goes of stage breathing ether which makes his dream of his wife. He then stops breathing, making her vanish but has some more, making her come back and the two dance.
 Note: In the episode Cregg's rings are magically disappeared and a second later reappeared.
