  In a parody of Tales from the Crypt, in a dungeon room where a crypt opens and after several waves of rats, snakes, spiders and rabbits crawl out of it, the Crypt Keeper (portrayed by Mr. Burns) sits up in it. He proclaims himself to be the master of scare-amonies, much to the delight of the zombie Smithers. A bound Moe interrupts in protest and is killed in an iron maiden, his blood spilling out onto the floor and revealing the title of the episode. Moe himself takes delight in this and proclaims "A Ho Ho, My blood is a genius! Fancy Roman numerals and everything!"
 In a parody of The Blob, Homer and Marge snuggle on the hammock, where a meteorite falls nearby, burning off the top of Marge's hair in the process. Cracking open, it reveals a green goo resembling a melted marshmallow. Despite his family's objections, Homer puts it on a stick and eats it (although the goo tries many times to get away and is clearly alive). That night, after saying "Must eat, then poop, then eat some more, then eat while pooping", his stomach growling from hunger, Homer eats all the food in the house. While transforming into a tall gelatinous creature, Homer also eats the cat and attempts to eat Bart but is prevented by Marge. After that, he finds teenagers having a party by the bonfire, then sees Jeremy Freedman fall into it as Jeremy shouts in alarm that the flames are sealing in his juices, and eats that teen, declaring "I'll savor you!" before he does so and as he eats him, Jeremy's friends ran away in fear, and he told Homer to tell his friends he died kissing a girl, but Homer declines that and finally eats him whole. Then he ends up at the Oktoberfest. He eats four fat Germans then says "must eat more fat people, thank god I'm in America". Then in a music segment parodying the song "Baby Got Back", he is shown now as seriously fat tall creature walking around, looking for food. He slowly turns from yellow to green, gets taller and fatter, and loses his legs. Now he is a tall fat green blob, rampaging through the streets of Springfield, eating all the fat people he can find.
 As Homer samples bus passengers as if they were candies, Dr. Phil McGraw shows up with the Simpson family. He tells Homer to stop for their sakes. But, Homer doesn't listen to him and eats Dr. Phil. Homer then ends his rampaging for fear of losing Marge and vows to use his insatiable appetite for more constructive purposes. Later, Mayor Quimby dedicates a new homeless shelter. The homeless people enter the shelter, only to find themselves in Homer's belly.
 In a parody of The Golem, at the end of an episode of Krusty's show, Bart goes backstage to complain about an acid-spraying Krusty brand alarm clock. There he finds the Golem of Prague, a creature from Jewish mythology. Krusty tells Bart that in the seventeenth century, the Golem was sculpted out of clay by a powerful rabbi. The Golem would do anything written on a scroll and placed in his mouth. He had been passed down through many generations and now works for Krusty. Bart steals the Golem by writing a command for him to come to his home at midnight, while Krusty is wearing a mask in preparation for a "Desperate Houseflies" sketch. At midnight, the Golem shows up at the Simpson's house. From then on, Bart uses him to carry out his commands: swinging Principal Skinner up and down like a yo-yo until he splits in half and kicking Homer in the balls (although he at first thought Bart wrote walls). Lisa thinks the Golem doesn't like doing the biddings of others and feeds him a scroll reading "Speak". The Golem reveals that he feels guilty about being used to commit heinous acts. To make him feel better, the Simpsons create a female Golem out of Play-Doh. When Homer hears her voice, he tries to chop her up with an axe, but the Golem stops him, saying that she is "made" for him. The two are married by Rabbi Hyman Krustofsky and the female Golem convinces Chief Wiggum not to press charges with the promise of pan-fried latkes, a Jewish delicacy. (She was going to explain what they were, but had him at 'pan-fried.')
 Fallout War of the Worlds Springfield War of the Worlds Lisa Kang and Kodos agree this is the perfect time for a real invasion, and begin destroying what is left of the town. True to their word, the town does not believe that it is a real invasion and ignores it, although Orson Welles comes to Springfield, admits it is not a staged act, and begs them to do something. Unfortunately, they don't, and the segment ends three years later with Kang and Kodos looking over the ruins, mulling on what went wrong and why they weren't greeted as liberators as they rid Earth's weapons of mass disintegration (WMD) during "Operation Enduring Occupation", a parody of the real military operation, "Operation Enduring Freedom". The camera then pans out to reveal the earth has fallen victim to a nuclear fallout while "I Don't Want to Set the World on Fire" by The Inkspots plays in the background, before cutting to the credits.
