  Grampa was hanging out with other war veterans at a local bar when The Late Late Late Night with Jimmy Jimmy, with Kent Brockman as guest aired. On the show, Kent started telling war stories, such as when he crash landed a falling helicopter on a sinking container ship. Another war veteran at the bar confirmed that Kent's story was false. As a result, Kent had to apologize about all of the misleading stories he told on the air, got fired for it and was replaced by Arnie Pye. Homer, while watching the lead up to the apology, was positively surprised at Kent's evident breakdown that he wasn't even able to eat, causing Marge some concern due to Homer ordinarily being gluttonous, and also initially was downtrodden that Anderson Cooper was fired until Marge reminded him that the person was not Cooper.
 Meanwhile, Krusty introduces a new product: Krustaceans, a candy that even Krusty thought it was good. However, Lisa soon found out that the candy was extremely addictive and left a tingling sensation, so she teamed with Bart to discover about it. They managed to break into one of the Krusty factories, obtain samples from the product and take them to Professor Frink, where they found out it contained Formaldehyde. Lisa tried to put the story on Channel 6, but they refused.
 Kent was depressed because he was unable to find a new job at the news scene to the point where he thought about committing suicide. Lisa asked Kent to cover his story about Krusty's new product, but he denied it. At a meeting, Kent was encouraged to take Lisa's story as an opportunity for a comeback, so he and Lisa recorded Krusty's comments admitting that his product was bad and managed to get his job back, this time giving credit to Lisa.
 On a secondary plot, Homer was envious as a power plant employee that barely speaks English got a corner office, so Homer's Ambition tells him to dress better to make higher chances of getting a promotion. Homer asks Marge for help and they purchase a suit for Homer. The next day, Homer went into Mr. Burns' office and gave reasons for a promotion, but he failed. Homer's ambition was beaten by his apathy, alcoholism, outrage and esteem, only to get thrown out of Homer's ear, so Homer planned to go to Moe's tavern and hang out with his buddies.
