 At the First Church of Springfield, very few people are present at Reverend Lovejoy's service at the fourth Sunday of Advent, and Helen calls him afterwards to meet a "fanclub", comprised of Ned, Agnes, Sideshow Mel and The Parson, Lovejoy's boss, that introduces him to the Patriarch, and they tell Lovejoy of summoning more people to the church, the pastor assures them he is going to bring people since Springfieldians are a good Christian community. Meanwhile, a pagan festival is held in town, with the Simpson family and the others attending, where Theo Jansen shows his feature attraction, the Strandbeest, wind-powered. However, the Strandbeest goes wild due to the stronger winds and tramples Krusty that was skating with Sophie. At Springfield General Hospital, Krusty tries to bond with his daughter but finds out that she is Christian and wants to celebrate Christmas. Seeing the discomfort, Marge invites the pair to spend Christmas with them. Back at home, Marge brings Maggie a Gnome in Your Home, a gnome that is supposed to watch over her all the time and tell Santa Claus what she has been doing, he doesn't sleep and never shuts his eyes, and Homer tells her that if she isn't good, he will nibble on her fingers. Krusty arrives at the home but brings in a tv troupe to record it, driving Sophie to the point of banishing her father. In the meantime, Reverend Lovejoy tries to convince Dewey Largo and Apu to convert but fails, so he goes to Moe's Tavern and manages to convert Krusty, who does so after observing a tased Snake that looked like Jesus through the windows. That night, the Gnome attacks Maggie, after Homer moves her crib closer to him. He talks to her, spits out finger tips and scaring her so much she finds herself at the North Pole, where she meets Santa Claus with Jack Frost, The Abominable Snowman and Wayne Gretzky, that tells her they will defeat the Gnome, but he has a gun and they all run off. Maggie enters a cave which turn into the Gnome's head and eats her. It was all a nightmare, as Maggie gets woken up by Marge to find it was Christmas. Marge says the Gnome told her she has been good, to her surprise, and, to her horror, she says they shall leave him in her room all year around. At the church, Lovejoy introduces the newly converted Krusty, and Sophie, seeing the change, is happy. Back at home, Maggie opens her present, and finds out its a Mrs. Gnome in Your Home. In their bedroom that night, Marge surprises Homer with a sexy Santa costume, and as they get on the bed, they find that under the covers it is full of parts from Mr. and Mrs. Gnome in Your Home, all cut, while Maggie finally goes to sleep happy. Next, Sideshow Mel introduces the Krusty the Clown Sober Contemplation Hour, where Krusty shows how much the conversion changed him, and his show, including Itchy and Scratchy to the surprise of the other kids. Krusty gets ready for his baptismal, and while approaching Lovejoy, he cracks the ice and falls under. In the hallucination due to his brain suffocating underwater, he visits his father in an ice castle, and talks with him about his conversion and his role of dad. Krusty is pulled out of the water by Lovejoy, who is praised as a savior, and many townspeople returns to church for his service. Everyone is happy, except Sideshow Mel, whose girlfriend left him, and Maggie destroys more Gnomes. At the end, the Gods object over if Krusty, by going underwater, received the baptismal, while Krusty and Sophie are singing while being carried by the Strandbeest on the snow. 