  Mr. Burns is reminiscing his youth, while receiving a double transfusion of fresh blood, and to relive part of it, Smithers plans a party at his Summer Mansion, but Burns cheaped out, and sends Smithers to Canada in order to bring some lake ice to Burns Manor.
 Smithers offers Homer some invitations so he can invite people to the party, and he brings them to the parking lot of the Try-N-Save. The bus that is going to take the guests to the mansion goes on the road, with Homer, Marge, Maggie, Bart, Lisa, Moe, Sideshow Mel, Patty, Selma, Dr. Hibbert, Bernice Hibbert, Luann, Kirk, Chief Wiggum, Sarah Wiggum, Agnes and Skinner.
 Arriving at the mansion, however, they find out that Burns has cheaped out, and the party is so boring, that the guests leave right away. While Smithers is having some trouble on a raft in Canada, Homer consoles Burns at the pier, when they observe a party right across the bay, so they cross over it on a boat, with Burns inciting Homer with a whip.
 The men arrive at the party, trying to crash it, and discover that the host, Jay G, likes Burns, as he is his role model. Jay G thanks Burns for making him become who he is.
 Meanwhile, Marge, Lisa, Bart and Maggie visit the town and go to an ice cream parlor, where Lisa meets Blake, a wealthy boy wanting to hang out with her and she agrees to meet him, while Bart meets Jazzy James.
 Jay G brings Homer and Burns aboard his private plane and gives Burns a special credit card for his spending; meanwhile, Blake and Lisa go whale watching, but Blake's savage means to bring the whales close to the boat makes Lisa positively outraged.
 Jay G invites Burns, with Homer tagging along, to buy a lot of merchandise at high prices, and slowly empties out his bank account, while the rest of the family meets Blake again at a horse show, who had spent his money on a protest for horse justice, but another boy offers her grooming time with the horses and she accepts the offer, dumping Blake.
 In Canada, Smithers' misadventures continue. While trying to answer Burns' call, he breaks his phone and loses his gloves, but Burns soon finds out his trouble are worse, as his card is declined; he is now penniless. Repossesors comes to his mansion to retrieve all his high expensive belongings, while Homer shows him that Jay G was the one that conned him to bankruptcy, and Burns is reduced to feeling miserable after finding out, as he has struck rock bottom.
 Golden Goose Repo Co., Jay G's company, are finishing with the removal of Burns' possessions, while Homer stands by his side, when Burns' group takes off as well, and when Jay G arrives, he takes away the Hounds, depriving Burns of those as well. In Canada, Smithers', ala Luke Skywalker, comes out of a horse's corpse and continues forth trying to bring home some ice for Burns.
 Marge informs Homer that he needs to keep working at the Power Plant and he has to support the Simpson family's "Peppermints and pussy willows store". Homer goes back to Springfield, to work at the now Jay G's Power Plant, remodeled by him, feeding his golden goose Burns' goldfish.
 Jay G makes Homer remove all of Burns stuff and toss it in the trapdoor, and offers him multiple flavors of cobblers, but Homer, feeling remorse for his betrayal, goes to the Springfield Cemetery, and finds himself attracted to the Burns Family Mausoleum, where he helps Burns try to find a way to get revenge on Jay G. Bart comes over and they form a plan to destroy Jay G's reputation.
 With the help of Milhouse, Homer and Burns find out that Jazzy James had been betrayed by Jay G in the past, and is the man they need. They write and record a revenge rap, and to iron matters out, Praline, Jay G's ex-wife, brings in Snoop Dogg, RZA and Common.
 But at the concert to ruin the esteem of Jay G, he appears and reveals he bought Jazzy James and the others with money, but at the family shop Burns hatches a new plan, while Marge sells the shop since they don't have the money to sustain it anymore.
 Burns steals Jay G's golden goose to bring down his empire, asking Homer to cook it, but Homer comes out with the goose, ruining the plan. While pursuing the goose, Burns and Jay G hang on a chandelier, where Jay G reveals that he hatched his plan due to the words Burns wrote in his book and the desire to become ruthless like Burns.
 The chandelier breaks, but they are saved by Smithers and the Canadians who helped him bring the ice, which is now just slush, to Jay G's mansion. On the way back to Springfield, the family wonders if this experience changed Burns, and the scene cuts to the Power Plant, where rap music starts playing, but observing the reaction of the workers, Burns reconsiders keeping this matter going.
