  In a flashback to Kamp Krusty, Homer and Marge are having a romantic time in Bart's treehouse when Chief Wiggum and Lou arrive about a disturbance (they had been called by Ned). Homer tells them everything is fine and that the kids are in Kamp Krusty, showing a postcard which zooms in showing Bart and the bullies terrorizing and destroying the camp.
 Back to the present time, the kids return from Kamp Krusty, all of them in shock about the camp. Marge takes Bart and Lisa to counseling, where the counselor tells Lisa that she won't be able to attend school (but she admits she is fine so she can). Bart pretends he is traumatized and he is allowed to skip school. Bart continues to pretend to be traumatized, when Homer and Marge attempt to snuggle (Ned is peeping at them with the phone in his hand). They are interrupted by Bart, who is allowed to sleep in their bed, much to Homer's disapointment.
 In the morning, Bart continues to act traumatized so he can skip school, as well as making Marge make him his prefered food (saying that the fruit was served at the camp). He also continues to sleep in Homer and Marge's bed, causing Homer to leave early for work (To Marge's shock). Homer realizes how much better it is to go to work early (free car space, more donuts, and hot coffee apparently). He reads the nuclear plant manual (much to Lenny and Carl's surprise), and also catches up on subscriptions for nuclear magazines and gives some advice on it, leaving Mr. Smithers very impressed.
 Bart wakes up and realizes he was traumatized after all, so he wakes up Lisa (who asks him to wait till morning which he does) and tells her about finding a red life vest. Lisa remembers it, too, and realizes she was traumatized, too. Homer makes breakfast for Marge, much to her surprise, and also Grampa Simpson, who asks who he is. Homer also gives Mr. Burns some advice, causing him to get a raise (also his own trapdoor button). Bart and Lisa are in a waterpark where they are still traumatized about seeing red vests, and it also leads Lisa to get a free pass to the front of the line. Back at home, Marge attempts to have sex with Homer, but he refuses, pledging his abstinence leading her to realize they need therapy.
 In therapy, the therapists, William Masters and Virginia Johnson, tell her that she has to take their kids back to Kamp Krusty to confront their "demons". Back at Kamp Krusty, Homer and Marge leave the kids to confront their traumatization, while they go spend time at a new adult club that opened there. The kids are welcomed by Krusty, where they realize that a kid named Charlie might have been killed at camp (when Bart, Lisa and Charlie attempt to escape from a play). Meanwhile, Marge attempts to seduce Homer who at first resists, but eventually gives up. Krusty, Bart, and Lisa arrive at the security point, where they discover that Charlie is still alive and serving as a massager. Bart gets teared up (which Lisa claims is a miracle), happy that everything turned out fine. In the meantime, Marge and Homer enjoy a romantic night together with Marge being glad that the old Homer is back.
