  The episode begins with Bart serving an elderly woman at a restaurant table, showing mannerism. He then starts narrating to the audience about his story.
 Two months earlier, on Grandparents Day at Springfield Elementary School, Bart messes up the lyrics to the song for the grandparents visiting (Grandpa, Grandma), and Skinner heard this, so he takes him to detention due to how bad and messed up Bart's lyrics were. But, Abraham Simpson II says that he's strong to punish a little boy, but he'll be scared to punish a veteran. Skinner, hearing what Grampa said, makes him write "I just wrote one and I'm already tired" on the chalkboard and utters a moan. At his office, Skinner is coming up with a punishment for Bart, but Agnes Skinner walks in and asks him to walk her to the bus stop. Without any other punishment in mind, Skinner punished Bart to do his task. Later, at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, Lenny walks into the reactor core while playing Peekimon Get and catches a Rattata. After getting him out of the core, Homer shows Lenny and Carl that is playing Peekimon Get, too, and (in typical Homer fashion) randomly enters the core. However, today's work shift just finishes, much to Lenny and Carl's excitement, and they close the door on Homer, sealing him inside.
 Bart walks Agnes through the hallway and they meet and insult Martin Prince and his grandmother. Later, at the bus stop, after thinking about Skinner telling him not to take her with him, Bart gets on the bus with Agnes to the candy store next to the place she'll depart at. Meanwhile, at the Springfield Cemetery, Homer catches Rattlesnitch on Frank Grimes' grave, and does a victory dance, causing other Springfieldians to successfully catch it, too, except for Gil, who failed to catch it (in typical Gil fashion), and Hans Moleman, who crashed into a tree (in typical Hans Moleman fashion). Back at 742 Evergreen Terrace, after Homer sees several Peekimon all over Maggie's room from his Peekimon Get app, he lets her borrow his phone, giving her a way to see the monsters in her room, much to Maggie's horror. The Peekimon Get app gets very popular with all of the citizens of Springfield, as Homer and Comic Book Guy catch a Peekimon at church (much to Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.'s annoyance), and later tries to catch a skunk thinking it was a Stunkasan, but he doesn't notice that its a real skunk, causing him to get sprayed by the skunk's spray, fainting afterwards.
 Later, Marge gives him a tomato juice bath to clear away the stink, when Lisa comes in. She sees that Homer is playing Peekimon Get, and gets interested in it. However, Homer randomly decides to pour vodka into his bath and stirs it with celery, much to Marge's annoyance, thinking that Homer is bathing in alcohol instead of tomato juice. Sometime after he gets cleaned up, the family goes out for a walk (with Homer and Lisa playing Peekimon Get together), and Lisa enters the Kwik-E-Mart, where she sees several Springfieldians playing the game throughout the store (including Ned Flanders who tells Apu that the Peekimon he found looks like Apu's elephant god). Bart begins to take the opportunity of the old women's gifts for keeping them company, but one day, while taking care of the elderly at the Curl Up and Dye hair salon, a woman named Phoebe knows what he is doing, but settles to give him money if he is able to pick her up for four days in a row from the Sunnyday Nursing Home.
 Meanwhile, Homer tells Lisa that he found out that he can buy Peekimons with real dollars and, after some hesitation, Lisa agrees, too. The next day, Bart arrives at the nursing home and takes Phoebe out in the woods admiring the nice nature together. Phoebe reveals that she is a nature photographer, much to Bart's amusement. After spending four days in a row together, she gives Bart the money she promised him, but unfortunately he refuses to take it and Phoebe, having acknowledged that he changed, bequests him her camera and enters the nursing home. Unable to find what the meaning of bequestioning means, Bart heads to the library for help and finds out that it means to give an item away when somebody dies and discovers that she could be sick, much to his shock. Arriving at the nursing home, Bart finds out from two flashbacks of him and Phoebe that she was using him to escape.
 Bart appears by Homer and Lisa, who are using cheat codes for the game, and asks them to get help in finding Phoebe, so they arrive at the lake Phoebe and Bart used to go to. Here, they ask other people who play Peekimon Get to help them find her, and they accept. While the others are looking for Phoebe, Homer and Lisa imagine they're in the actual Peekimon Get app (with Pokémon-esque versions of them, even Maggie, playing the game) while they sing a parody to the tune of the Pokémon theme. Afterwards, Homer thinks he found something, but it turns out to be an owl that attacks him. Jeremy Freedman finds Phoebe, and Bart thinks she's dead, but she's still alive, telling Bart that she was out alone in the woods, which makes her relaxed and calm. So, Bart brings her back, with him revealing (in narration) that he learned his lesson about playing with women's hearts and taking advantage of the elderly. It turns out that Bart was telling Grampa the whole story at the Springfield Retirement Castle. That night, when Homer and Marge are in bed, Marge tells Homer that she knew about the 600 dollars spent on Peekimon Get cheat codes and Homer tells her that he's sure that it'll fade away soon.
 Before the end credits start, at Luigi's, Skinner is having dinner with a woman, but Agnes arrives, along with Milhouse by her side, and they start making fun of them. During the end credits, Homer, Lisa, Horatio McCallister and Jasper Beardly sing a reprise of Homer and Lisa's Peekimon Get song from earlier.
