  At the student music festival at Springfield Elementary School, after Martin's poor performance, Lisa and Milhouse with Lisa playing a sad song. Dolph makes a dare with Bart to pull the fire alarm, but he declines, signing his death wish to the bullies.
 The following day, Marge is proud of him at school, but Homer tells him to take a dare like a man. Marge begins to treat Bart well afterward in the car, which Bart does not take very well, imaging himself as an old man throwing himself off the boat when Skinner makes fun of him too, on Mother's day.
 At Echo Canyon, Nelson, Jimbo, Dolph, and Kearney dare him to jump off the dam. Down by the canyon, Lenny and Homer were working. Lenny sees Bart and dares jokingly for Homer not to save him. Homer stutters, then Lenny says for him to "go get his kid." Homer does not get there in time, and Bart ends up falling face first on concrete. Ending up at Springfield General Hospital, Bart wakes up and in order to not disappoint Marge he creates a lie that he saw Heaven along with his maternal grandfather. Ned Flanders and the police comes to Bart bedside too and he slowly becomes popular.
 After Lisa's failed attempt to scare Bart, Christian movie producers come at the house to present to Homer and Bart the opportunity to make a movie about his experience. Homer and Ned are forced to work together on the movie, including interviewing Emily Deschanel and Gal Gadot.
 The movie starts recording, and Bart starts getting worried and having nightmares from Lisa's words. He actually ends up in Heaven in his nightmare, where he meets Clancy Bouvier and Jesus Christ, who beats him hard with "LOVE".
 The movie, titled Bart's Not Dead, finally premieres, and it's a big hit. After that, Bart finally confesses to Marge and Lisa, and Springfielders get pissed. Homer and Ned gives the raised money to charity and all is forgiven, but one thing.
 On top of the house's roof, Bart asks Lisa if God will forgive him, to which she says if God exists, he'll forgive him, if Bart has remorse. Just after they start falling, only to end up on a pile of leaves, saving them. At the Pearl's Gates, Bart is shown at his death, and Homer says Jesus wants to meet him. Homer instead goes to Hindu Heaven, where he gets transformed to a turtle and sent back to Earth.
