 At Krusty Kon, Krusty the Clown reveals in a live interview, that he's going to be rebooting The Itchy & Scratchy Show, with an all-female cast, much to the joy of Lisa and the dismay of Bart, who plans to hate-not-watch the show with his male friends, Milhouse, Nelson, Martin, Dolph, Jimbo, and Kearney. On the night of the new show's premiere, Bart holds a block party at his house, wherein he and his friends turn off the TV and blindfold themselves, whereas to not watch the show. Meanwhile, upstairs, Lisa watches the show on her TV and livestreams her reaction to it on YouTube, claiming that this will be a historical moment in Cartoon Women's History. Bart sneaks into her room, while this is happening and catches some of the show. After seeing one gag, he laughs even harder than Lisa. Lisa notices him and teases him for the fact that he likes the female Itchy & Scratchy reboot, but Bart gets mad at her and says that only she saw him, so if she tells anyone, nobody will believe her. Bart leaves the room and slips back into the living room, where he pretends to have been there the entire time. He thinks of gotten off scot-free, but in actuality, his reaction to the show was caught on Lisa's livestream, and Lisa makes sure she posts this video all over the internet. Overnight, this goes completely viral and Bart is exposed as a hypocrite. Not much later, Homer is watching Josh.0, where Bart's exposure video gets publicized. The next day at school, all of Bart's friends know about this and they are extremely pissed off at him. The boys team up against Bart and chase him down the halls, using Ralph as a medieval flail. Bart gets cornered right in front of the girls' bathroom and goes in there to hide, knowing that his misogynistic enemies won't be able to enter without hurting themselves with the room's air of femininity. In the bathroom, Bart meets three radical feminist girls, who are badass pranksters just like him. The girls claim to be part of an organized feminist crimery called Bossy Riot, which fights back against societally systematic misogyny. Bart wants to join their group. At first, Bossy Riot doesn't want a male member, so Bart proves his worthiness by stealing Principal Skinner's phone. The gang decides that if they are really serious about gender equality, they would let a male join, so Bart becomes a member. Milhouse forms an anti-feminist movement with his friends called the Boys Right Association, or BRA. This organization includes all the boys mentioned before (even Ralph), as well as the inclusion of Lewis, Wendell, Hubert, and Database. When Luann hears about what Milhouse is doing, she is happy with the fact that Milhouse finally has friends and she goes completely horny on Kirk. Bossy Riot goes around town and vandalizes stuff, steals things, pranks men and boys, and pretty much act like a bunch of hooligans. Their actions become so big and well-known, that they get publicity on the news from Kent Brockman. Lisa notices that Bart has a string coming out of his back pocket and suspects that he's a member of Bossy Riot. When she interrogates him about this, she says that her entire world view would be thrown into a vindaloo if he was really a feminist, prompting Bart to instantly reveal to her that he is, she wants to join. But when the Boys Rights Association burn the toys in protest, the girls of Bossy Riot want to burn all masters of Itchy and Scratchy, but Bart tries to stop them, just to be tied to a mannequin, and saved by Lisa. Arriving at Krustylu Studios, they find out that Bossy Riot are close to do it in live tv, but the recording are saved (save for three videocassettes) by Lisa, spewing the fumes of the nail polish remover on the boys, that blame Milhouse for it. Chief Wiggum tries to follow them but fail to catch them due to their smartness dressing up. Outside the studios, the girls tell Bart he was never in the group and was in just for fingerprints and DNA, and invite Lisa in the group, before driving off on their bike. In the end Lisa joins them, and Bart happily writes "The patriarchy is a wiener" on the wall with a paint can. During the credits, the boys group again together, with Bart telling them how it was being with them, but making them depressed by saying they don't envy the boys.