 Bart Meanwhile, Sideshow Bob has a parole hearing, being supported by the Blue-Haired Lawyer. Selma testifies against Bob, stating that he tried to kill her on their honeymoon, but he justifies his actions in "Black Widower", asking the assembled populace opinions if they had wanted to kill Selma. At first, there are only a few hands, but he demands they show him some honesty. More began raising their hands, including Selma's sister, Patty. Many are shocked, but she claims Selma keeps forgetting to lower the toilet seat in the bathroom. Upon noticing his tattoos of Bart with a broken neck with "Die Bart Die" on his chest, The Blue-Haired Lawyer tries one last tactic to keep Bob in jail by demanding him to tell the people his obsession in killing Bart. Bob claims that his tattoos are in admiration of Bart ("No! That's German for "The Bart The".") and not an expression of hate. The board buy Bob's argument and grant him parole. Chief Wiggum They sing "Three Little Maids" in triumph. Little do they know that Sideshow Bob is strapped to the undercarriage of their car. On the way, Bob is affected by bad karma. First the car goes over many speed bumps that hit him in the head. Homer pours his coffee out the window because it is too hot and then gives into an impulse to drive through a cactus field, asking the rest of the family first. Bart and Lisa say yes and Bob yells, "No!"; Homer drives through the cacti because the vote was two against one. When the Thompsons reach Terror Lake, a spoof of the opening credits is played, and the family goes to check out their new houseboat. Bob comes out of the boot, only to step on and get hit in the face by twelve rakes (aka "meeting his raker"). On the way to his new school (which is never mentioned nor seen), Bart hears Bob's voice and sees him climb out from under a car. Bob pretends that he is not up to anything, saying, "Surely there's no harm in lying in the middle of a public street." A parade immediately comes by and Bob is trampled over by the orchestra and several elephants. Bart goes home and tells Marge and Homer that he saw Bob, but they take no worry of it. When Bart goes to bed, his door opens and wakes him up. Bart sees a hand brandishing a kitchen knife and sits directly up. Homer rushes in, screaming, "BART-DO-YOU-WANT-SOME-BROWNIES-BEFORE-YOU-GO-TO-BED?" Bart asks him not to "come into his room screaming and brandishing a butcher knife." Homer apologizes and leaves... and then bursts through his door again, revving a chainsaw and wearing a hockey mask, screaming, "BART-DO-YOU-WANT TO-SEE-MY-NEW-CHAINSAW-AND-HOCKEY-MASK?" Bart screams and Homer realizes he doesn't know what he was thinking and leaves. H.M.S. Pinafore Grampa