 When Bart's class goes on a field trip, what Bart is expecting to be a day full of fun is soon dashed when Mrs. Krabappel bitterly guesses Principal Skinner is taking them to the Springfield Box Factory (again). As they drive, most of the students and Mrs. Krabappel stare with their faces against the windows at other classes also on field trips but to much more exciting places (like the slide factory) before pulling up at the box factory. The tour is something which everyone except Skinner and Martin find to be exaggeratedly dull. This includes Bart, who gets bored with the tour and sneakily escapes from the class to go to the Channel 6 TV studio nearby, where he wanders by a beach scene and Bumblebee Man. Back at the box factory, no one can find Bart. Skinner calls Homer who comes to the box factory, thinking that Bart was killed in one of the giant box-making machines. Krusty Kent Brockman As Bart continues with his "I didn't do it" catch phrase, it begins to launch into all sorts of fame such as marketing, trinkets, and public appearances. Homer tries to market Lisa as a quipper, but she refuses, explaining that if she ever becomes famous for something, she wants it to be for something and not for some "obnoxious fad." Bart overhears this and begins to fear that the fad will wear off, so he tries to act intelligent (as during his interview on Conan O'Brien's show), but is ordered to just say the line. After having a nightmare where he is a has-been, Bart considers retirement, but Marge says while it may be monotonous for him, he is making people happy. Bart appears on the Krusty show repeating the one line, but it is now flopped. Krusty brusquely says Bart is a has-been, and even slams the door in his face. As Bart walks home, he reflects how fame can be fleeting. Marge gives Bart a box of items she kept during his stint, and gives it to him to help him remember his time there. When Homer accidentally breaks the Simpsons' lamp, it sets off a number of memorable catchphrases: